the devs are just typing away and then
there's like oh my god
just oh hits the red button alarms go
off and then it's like what is it it's
like sir
it's the feral druids it's like what is
it they're using a level 8 consumable
my god they found out all right welcome
to episode
13 of prepared your weekly tbc breakdown
we got a lot of
stuff to cover uh it's doomsday episode
yeah but the sky is falling uh we're
gonna go back and revisit uh hunters
on dst prio and and yeah in general to
to kind of recap things as well uh i
thought it'd be interesting to go into
how loot council should work as well
because that kind of links into dst
prior and other things and a lot of
guilds are
are going to be you know doing loot
council stuff right now as well
and blizzard fixed a bunch of stuff uh
it's funny i feel like every week we
talk about something and then the next
week's like blizzards this is fixed
and it always comes out like five hours
after our podcast or something so then
we have to go back in there and be like
yeah oh yeah that thing we talked about
blizzard fixed it
yep i mean it always happens like that
dude um that's the nature of like doing
uh any type of content that's released
later um
just to open up the podcast fun fact uh
back when i was at riot there was a
series called like drive
where they would like take a pro player
and they would like
it would took like a month to put
together the features team would go out
with them
they'd go to the beach they'd talk about
their backstory they talked about what
motivated them to be a player
they're like rivalries things like that
and they'd get prepared to release it
right
and then that it would be released
around the time of like the semi-finals
or the finals
in terms of playoffs and almost every
single time without fail
that player wouldn't make it to the
semi-finals or finals when it would be
released so you'd be in the semi-finals
or finals and there'd be like a preview
where it's like
acadian drive and it's just like why is
this why is this relevant to me we're
watching the semi-finals between cloud9
and tsm what the hell is this
like it literally without fail but it's
been it's been like a month or two in
the making
where they've been making it and so like
the feature scene was always like
they'd watch a game they'd be like
please [__] win please win
so it's relevant it's like please here's
the the the
drive curse is what it ended up being so
we have a curse here where
as soon as we talk about a bug and we go
like what the [__] blizzard they
they fix it so hopefully today we talk
about all the bugs
and they fix it so good luck with that i
hope the
the dev team is getting paid over time
because jesus christ
i don't know how you're gonna fix
everything uh oh
man but yeah we've got a bunch of stuff
to talk about today um
as well as that i i thought it would be
interesting to go back and recap uh
like how the boost has affected the
servers as well yeah because now we
actually get the same thing we actually
get to see
uh then we got some feral druid stuff uh
god have
have you seen into that at all the
pharaoh druid stuff like that yes
yes i have christ the things they have
to do but
yeah i i i just imagine at
[__] blizzard it's it's like the the
devs are just typing away and then
there's like
oh my god just hits the red button
alarms go off and then it's like what is
it it's like sir
it's the feral druids it's like what is
it they're using a level eight
consumable
my god they found out
it's like have having every single time
that they make a change like this like i
told you guys about this with like slave
pens or i was like there's gonna be like
unforeseen consequences when you tried
like punish mage boosters and [__]
people are gonna be like nah we we smart
now we're gonna game the system
and it happens literally every single
time where this like level eight [__]
consumable
becomes the way to fix the problem and
uh i'm just always sitting there going
blizzard just let them play the game
just let them play
right just let them play the game that
they want to play i
i'm a pretty big like not hands off but
a kind of like enable people to play the
game the way that
they want to play it without having to
jump through gigantic [__]
loopholes right so that that's me though
yeah
it's funny like the the rogues were i
was discussing before
the podcast started about the rogues and
uh how rose can
technically do the trick but we don't
really gain much from it and
i was like rose do you guys really even
want this trick like
have you seen what the druids have to do
like the rotation is insane now
the feral rotation is actually actually
just insane right now
yeah yeah and the the thing about the
feral druid rotation is it
it's very particular too you have to do
it at point four seconds
yeah yeah it's super it's it's the most
really in the scene you do it too early
it's a dps loss and you have to wait two
more seconds for an energy tick or you
have to use another potion or whatever
and if you do it too late well you're
wasting energy and dps loss so you know
it's like
you got to do it 0.4 seconds exactly
it's so dumb yeah
yeah oh god it is stupid i do have it
here though so we can have a
a closer look at the rotation in a
second but i i know we have a lot of
hunters in the chat who
are eager eager for the they're frothing
for the dst
talk here that that we have you angered
people zarin
is that like like yeah sure sometimes he
might say something incorrect based on
the like
being given incorrect information or
things like that but he'll also be the
first person to correct himself and be
there like yeah yeah that was incorrect
like i changed
my thinking like that's just how it goes
when you're like a theory crafter
sometimes you you form conclusions
and you have to do it you just have to
go back and adjust later like
he's just working off the information
that he has yeah
and you have to be okay with having an
opinion that other people don't agree
with and it's not popular
um and you have to be kind of like
grounded in whatever evidence you've
been presented or
you know what other people have
presented you so yeah
i'm working with the information that i
have and i'm working with kind of like
uh you know the idea of if
i believe this is right right now then
yeah i will back it up but if i
you know have other evidence presented
to me and it's shot down i'm just like
all right well you guys are right yeah
so yeah no i uh
but i will seem stubborn sometimes
because i will be the person who has an
idea
that other people don't back up because
i believe it's like the new
revolutionary idea type thing
right so yeah yeah and then if there's
anything that's actually like
really missed we'll go we'll go back and
then um like revisit like
we're fairly reasonable people i think
the funny thing is um
like when like after the podcast went
live on youtube
like the hunters got a hold of it and
then it opened
and uh like hunter discord was a mess
for a while
and at first like i went in that to just
try to get like some accurate numbers
from them for what like what they think
the numbers should be
at first their reaction was like who is
this snow guy like who is this irene guy
and and like there was a lot of
hostility
uh a lot of silly but i think like as
like more hunters
like like looked into my stuff and they
realized like oh wait no he's not like
someone that just clickbaits content
like he
actually does like numbers analytical
stuff like a lot of them are a lot nicer
to me now
because they're like oh yeah he seems
like a reasonable person at least he
like
looks back and like tries to analyze
things and like reasons
and such so yeah the i think the pali
discord
somebody's talking about the pally
discord like i don't actually jump into
a lot of the class discords um
because i feel like uh when i was in
fight club there was a lot of like
yeah i i like them for like the stats
and like the the basic stuff but
beyond that i feel like there's a lot of
things that i just don't agree with like
there was a point where people were
telling me that the best tps was edge
masters human with uh
maladaph and i was like really you want
that much weapon skill they're like yeah
it's the most consistent on pole and
like
reduces enough parry chance and i was
like um feel like that's not completely
correct but okay and like
it's there's things like that where i'm
just like
i don't feel like it's completely like
it backed up in like
real world sims right or like real world
like
field craft kind of thing so yeah
it's just strange so yeah the pali
discord i think at one point was just
like
somebody said like the pallies were
happy that i said something about main
tanking and then
they were just like they didn't care who
i was they were just like man take party
this guy said it
it's funny that's how it works for a lot
of um classes
like like i i had to explain to them as
well as like it's a podcast it's like um
that's why i put the loot council talk
on the description as well like uh
some of the hunters were worried like ah
wait they're gonna take what zarin says
and make loot council decisions based on
that and it's like
guys it's a two hour podcast if your
loot council is taking a 40 second clip
from very early sims as evidence for
like your
your loot council you need better loot
council members
like that one like you need better loot
council members your loot council is
doing stuff like that
but uh yeah yeah that's uh oh i am
curious though zarin
do you know kenneth are you familiar
with kenneth
um no who's gonna
yeah he he like
he's like a super like i don't even know
how to describe but he's he's in
every class discord and all he does is
start debates about like um
about the sweatiness of allocations and
things like he's like a super super
sweaty player
and he's someone that will fight to the
death for like
no this is beneficial for your guild
here so i don't care if
the the like this one class has been
waiting for five phases for this one
piece of item no it should
go to the warrior or it should go to
this guy okay
so okay yeah he starts fights
in every single class discord i think
he's banned from maybe like
half of the class discussed now kenneth
aka edgemaster's human hmm
the other day i went into my guild
discord and i was like oh god
kenneth is in here how was kenneth in my
guild discord as well
somehow he had infiltrated the off-topic
section of my guild discord in progress
like it's actually amazing jesus yeah uh
and like like i've been a loot council
member on like
four different loot councils um and i've
run
a few loot councils myself and
when it comes to items for me i will
typically
pass on things just because i don't like
taking loot in general like i passed i
was passing on cts and it got forced on
me
um and then like with uh like things for
my warriors like
when i literally rolled the second
warrior i said my other warrior is going
to use
thc and thunder fury at the end of the
game so i'm not going to roll another
human i know human is biss but i'm just
going to roll a gnome because i don't
want to get like
a raid that is going to give me thc work
wrestle or bindings or something like
that
because i'm like this is a character i'm
rolling up in phase four
and i feel like it's kind of shitty to
roll up a character to be a new main
tank and then you could easily use
daggers to tank for this raid
and be completely fine and not take away
like a thc aggressol or like some other
item that is going to be used by um
by warriors and when like my warrior had
like i was using a kelser
until new year's this year on my human
um in my main hand and i was kind of
like okay
maybe when widows comes out like i'll
use widows castigator right and that
would be what i was tanked with is
widows remorse castigator
because i i don't like taking things
from other classes that i feel like use
it best
um or get a lot of use out of because i
feel like i can do my job
without items right um so i'm i'm like
i'm not like a clc or anything like that
by any regards but i think sometimes i
do overlook things for people where
i take a lot of uh i take a lot of
difference in power where it's like
what's the difference between like
a main tank having a like wrestle
offhand
versus a like warrior having aggressive
main hand or even like a warrior having
a thc offhand versus me having
something else that's comparable like a
widow's remorse in my main hand so
there's a lot of things like that i take
into consideration and i usually go for
the one that is going to give the
biggest boost
to people indifference and that's my
personal it depends on your guild as
well right it depends on your guild
100 it changes so much but um yeah we'll
talk about that more in a second because
i know that
um the hunters want us to actually look
at some stats and things so
i do have a bunch of stuff here
so so we have a revised
sim so this is uh this is still like
take all of this still with a grain of
salt because these sims are still very
early
things and seems uh the thing about sims
early on
is that they can have mistakes in them
just because like they haven't been
thoroughly tested and such they haven't
run the gauntlet of fire
so sometimes things are still a little
bit messy especially at the start of
phases and things
sims always depend on the ma the math
behind them you can put in
something into a number generator and
then pop it out on the other side and
it's like this is good
and you don't know why it's good right
so
the logic behind the previous one was on
or active trinkets are better
or almost as good for hunters because
you can combine them with other
cooldowns and that was kind of the
logic behind the previous one was just
the multipliers of stacking things
it's just kind of like how blade flurry
and like slice and dice and adrenaline
rush you want to use them all at the
same time kind of thing with the trinket
yeah so yeah so i mean this is on their
own
these are new updated hunter sims based
on the
only public counter sim that i know of
there's a few more that aren't
in in use right now
uh or not in use on public right now so
this is the only like public
access data that we have available but
um yeah so
it basically shows that dst is roughly
speaking if you don't have a dst it's
something like a 64 to 54 dps increase
depending on what other actors and
things that you use at the time
so the thing about dps increases like
the dps delta here is
that um you you have to take it with a
grain of salt because sometimes like a
dps
increase can can change a lot based on
like the length of the fight the
the actual um oh yeah for sure the
actual way the sim works and such
for to give an example i was trying to
explain this on the hunter discord is
that
there's multiple classes um that
you can have multiple sims that show the
same thing
but the actual dps numbers will differ a
lot
but the percentage gain if they're both
good sims will usually be similar
so usually when i look at like sim
numbers i a lot of times i can try to
convert it into like a
percentage gain loss because um just
just due to the way some sims work
sometimes you get like an extra like 500
dps as a starting point
just based on the like the way some sims
work like sometimes dps numbers are
inflated in certain sims
just by percentage and then like you
were saying percentage i think is kind
of what i go off of for my loot council
stuff where what's the largest
percentage increase for somebody
um because if somebody can make just
like really good use of something else
even though it's like you know it says
here like dst brooch is the best
um then it's like okay well what's like
the dps difference between
it bruce and slayers or brooch and
abacus right yeah um
and that's like a it looks like a two
percent i believe uh yeah yeah okay yeah
so i'm roughly speaking
i did the math so well i did a math and
then simon eyes uh one of the rogue
uh sim people did more accurate math
it works out to be like a one point
seven
six i think one point seven six one
point seven three some something around
there
dps gain for hunters if they get a dst
roughly speaking now again these are
very very rough numbers
um which is decent it's
a decent gain compare that to other
classes rogues gain
i think he did the full maps i did very
rough sims that showed a two percent but
he updated them to 2.51
percent is the raw gain in dps for
rogues i'm not sure what it is for
warriors that's only one i'm not sure
what the percentage gain is for warriors
i like how the rogue is
i like i like how the rogue dps number
is half of the the hunter's dps number
see
that's the other thing with the sim like
it's tricky to look at sims because
according to the honda sim they're doing
3 000 consistent i mean it's for a 160
second fight
well it's it's it's melee weaving
they're mainly reading this yeah
yeah yeah and i don't know i don't know
if this is uh
including like potential win fury totem
on top of it too right
because it says enhancement shaman and
group but i don't know if it's like wind
fairy yes um
i would assume it's with like um in in
all the best scenarios if they're doing
like 3 000 consistent dps
in that scenario but melee weaving is
another topic we can talk about a little
bit after this as well but um
yeah so so basically it is technically
better for
the rogue than the hunter but again when
it comes to loot council stuff it's not
necessarily something where you go oh
okay percentage gain higher for rows
than hunters okay uh hunter's down
zero zero on the loot prior now all
rogues get it before the hunters that's
not really how the loot council stuff
works
these are just like guides that you
would take into account when you're
doing the actual loot council stuff
uh down the line but it definitely is
better for rogues but again this factors
into the fact that look like the
realistically the hunters are doing more
dps than the rogue in a lot of cases so
depending on your goal as a raid you
might still give it to the hunter
but um personally my thoughts is that
the dps difference is close enough that
for
most raids like the average raid not not
like a progress or dream state or
a top-tier guild focused only loot
console
i think for the average raid it'd
probably be somewhere like
rogue hunter warriors all
equal-ish prior still like i haven't
seen anything that's really changed my
mind
when i look at this i'm thinking so what
about um if you go back to his the sim
uh does he sim uh bns on this
um let me see because
one of the whole points was people are
saying that you don't use um
dst at the end of the game for hunters
which i don't know if that's true or not
people are saying you use things like
uh i think you you can replace it but
it's like a hard
um kind of thing same deal with like
most of the classes that get dst
is like you can replace dst but whether
you actually replace it is another
question
yeah well we'll see what ends up
happening but yeah so this this just
looks like phase one trinkets right he's
using slayers bruce
hourglass abacus okay so this is this is
purely phase one that was one of the
other things to consider was the
potential in like
you know later in the game of who uses
it longer type thing because it always
feels bad when somebody throws away your
best item and like shelves it
uh when you would have still been using
it type thing so
uh in this case it looks like something
where i would maybe then go
your best hunter followed by rogue best
hunter or second best hunter warrior and
like alternate like that
because i feel like you're definitely
gonna have uh you you have one rogue and
you
usually will have like one fury warrior
maybe two fury warriors or something
um depending on your rate maybe maybe
more
we'll see but the uh the hunters for
sure are obviously your highest dps
class and they're a single target dps
class
and i i actually so
just another thing to consider as a all
right let me just take a drink of water
really quickly
oh god are we going to go into enhance
and rat talk
where are we going for this no we
i was going to talk about like so
enhancement shamans oh you know
obviously it's really good for them too
um and these are people who are doing a
supportive role and they don't get to do
all of the the super fun things that you
know
a uh hunter gets to do but then there's
the other thing to consider as well on
top of this
from a loot council perspective of
effort versus reward let's just assume
everybody's putting in exactly the same
amount of effort at all times right
um it's like if you are looking at
a warrior a hunter if you're looking at
two hunters a warrior and a rogue
and maybe an enhancement shaman for dst
first you're looking at five different
candidates
candidates you're your best hunter your
second best hunter your
rogue your warrior and then your
enhancement shaman right
um who are you giving it to first you
also
have to consider long term uh and this
is something that i do as well
you know maybe it's not the best idea
for a loot council but i also think who
is getting glaives first
who is getting the first legendary bow
who's getting the first golden bow of
quote the loss
um and those types of things right uh
who's getting first mounting vengeance
etc so i like to think about like things
later on
i know you can hear and maybe this is
why this is flawed because you can only
work with the loot that's in front of
you
um and i've had other loot council
members be like you don't know if this
will ever drop again
so always treat an item that drops as if
it's the only one that's ever gonna drop
and give it to the person that
if you see none of them ever again
that you made the right choice right so
there's different philosophies here but
for me i would be like okay
you know am i giving the rogue glaives
first am i giving the
uh the best hunter this item right off
the bat what about my second best hunter
what does he bring to the raid is
everybody putting the same amount of
effort in
so i would probably
now that i like think about it more i'm
prob i would probably do
my best hunter followed by my warrior
followed by another hunter into a rogue
into another hunter into an enhancement
for the first six is probably what i
would do i would alternate it back and
forth
whoa whoa i noticed you didn't mention
rep paladins
uh i'm not really bringing a red
sorry i mean i play r i play rhett in
pvp and i'm just saying man like i'm
i'm i'm not gonna bring that thing into
pve like it's it's it's all right it's
decent it's good
it's also like the the thing that people
actually overlook about paladins is you
get to keep
every uh seal up on a boss permanently
and casters love you because seal of
light seal of um
i'm sorry judgment of light and judgment
of wisdom stay on the entire time so
a lot of people really like judgment of
wisdom let me just tell you so having
that up the entire time sure maybe it's
worth the slot
but yeah uh i don't know ret paladin at
that point i'd be like
does the guild bank have some gold here
go running go run a gdkp
rule or something you know like good
luck sir uh
but yeah for me meme classes uh
i say meme class um classes that
are not the main contributor to dps
looking at a dps item you are usually
going to be put
lower on the list because the amount of
like benefit the raid gets from it from
you having it is
lower if that makes sense right because
you bring other things to the raid and
it doesn't affect your baseline
effectiveness it's kind of like for me
as a tank
i'm not the main tank that takes like
all the items at the start i
i always get things later than other
people because i don't want them
because i i feel like there's a few
things one i like to operate with less
items because i feel good giving items
away
and two uh i feel good being able to do
things without having to have those
items i think the only things that
meaningfully change my character
are thunderfury thc and kiss of the
spider that's literally it those are the
only things
um that changed my character in any
meaningful way beyond like things i had
access to
like early on so and like i didn't have
issues using even like quell sarah right
so that might change in tbc but
being able to use your character
effectively with those items well
obviously
tanking the thing that matters
survivability and tps
well can you do that with these items
and threat is binary you either have it
or you don't right if i'm 10k thread
ahead of you it doesn't matter
if i'm 10k ahead or 2k ahead as long as
i have thread i have threat
so whatever gets me a lead and keeps me
a lead
is all that matters so that's all i care
about there but when it comes to
something like this more dps is always
going to be better
so yeah i think i would take my best
hunter followed by my warrior because i
very much value trash dps and i
really feel like warriors on trash are
highly underrated and i think
more and more things are coming out
where you guys are seeing like just how
[__] good sweeping strikes is
like it's actually pretty insane um
i believe uh i believe
uh without i think without doing the
crazy like
double and nixia buff [__] i believe
alondo just put up a 1500
dps clear nax two people put up a 1500
dps clear knacks which is 200 higher
than
anything during classic so the previous
record was was 1300 and they just put up
two 1500s and i was like
jesus christ like sweeping strikes is
absolutely insane for the amount of
damage you can do in a raid and
hitting with both weapons on whirlwind
so yeah i highly value trash damage even
though i'm like a rogue player and not a
fury warrior player i play like well i
mean i feel a lot of people
underestimated the
the rogue dps going even going into
phase six of classic because uh oh
yeah yeah because uh even when i was
talking to like fianzi
early he's the one of the rogues in
progress
he was saying like ah maybe it's the
time for the rose to catch up because
maybe the warrior is a threat cap now
and then as the rogues are gonna finally
catch up because they get the gear
upgrades but then it just turns out now
that
trash dps is too good on the waras man
you can't catch up to them
they just destroy you and trash dps yeah
it's just cleaves right it's just really
that's really what matters um it was
funny because uh i actually
overestimated how good
rogues were gonna be in phase six
because when i looked at the four set
bonus and world buffs
uh i was sitting there going oh you
finally have something
like warriors because the warriors the
reason they're good is
their stats their attack power their
attack speed their critical strike
their hit all benefit their resource
generation of rage
right so the more stats they have the
better their resource generation is
which means they get to cast more
abilities
so here it was finally like oh crit
scales your resource generation
right so critting gets you five more
energy when you create a sinister strike
right
so i was like oh that's probably going
to give you a lot more dps turns out it
is a lot of dps it's just not enough dps
but that's why like you know uh was it
uh combat potency
is such an exciting skill for rogues
because it means they finally have
a stat that scales where haste will
scale your resource generation and
that's something with gear that people
don't always consider
and that's one of the reasons that i was
talking about dst dst is really good for
rogues and warriors
because it scales their resource
generation attack speed etc whereas
hunters don't really have a resource
generation there
that it changes their combat pattern at
all or gives them more procs etc
it just gives them purely more dps which
is something they already do really well
so yeah but i would probably give it to
my best hunter followed by my best
warrior
followed by hunter followed by rogue
followed by hunter followed by
enhancement shaman
but of course that always changes with
who you have and uh and your
goals as well right because uh yeah the
big thing about loot council is
if you're on a top top tier guild you
the way you even look at loot changes
right like like you don't join a top top
tier guild necessarily for
loot like that the top tier guild if you
join like a progress or a dream state or
something
like that it's you you join it for the
accomplishments or and
the times that you can have and the
atmosphere and just beating the game and
things like that
but you don't really join to be like
okay i want full bass on on this
character
because like one you're probably not
going to get it especially if you are
like
a class that's very valued in the raid
because they're probably going to stack
500 of these classes
uh and other thing is just because like
the the guild goal as a whole is that
they're never going to look at like your
necessarily personal contribution
oh oh like well they're going to look at
it but you're going to look at what
contributes to the raid the most
right so even if you are uh style you're
you're killing it
you might not necessarily um get like
the items because
it might just apply like oh if we give
it to this guy here we're gonna save
30 seconds off our time here so yeah he
gets the item
and even even in progress when um
there's an ongoing joke because fenzi
was the rogue class lead and we always
called him clc corrupt loot council
because he didn't do ranking he didn't
rank to rank 14.
so he would keep getting like the weapon
upgrades because they were comparatively
bigger dps upgrade for
the raid for for the new weapons that
kept dropping to go to him
because the other rogues and other
warriors and such all had um
rank 14 weapons so like the jump for
them was
a lot less versus like fancy who didn't
have rank 14 weapons
so like in the context of like a top top
tier guild the loot councils definitely
change
uh changed a lot to be a more guild
focused thing
but i think for a general like like for
me again looking back at if this
this was more of a general uh thing
i i think i would go at least for my my
more non-hardcore goals i'd probably go
yeah hunter hunter warrior rogue maybe
or hunter rogue warrior something like
that i'd probably just alternate all
three
because in like uh in a top in a non-top
guild setting
it seems like it's more even or it's
close enough that i wouldn't really
worry about it it's
uh because the big thing about when you
get down into the last hardcore guilds
is that you have to keep everyone happy
as well
right like in a super hardcore guild you
can make loot decision and be like okay
the hunters do the most
dps so we're gonna prioritize hunters a
little bit more than everyone
else but then when you get into like the
more casual
raids or the like the slightly less
casual raids it becomes a point of well
we need to gear up the hardcore players
who carry the raid but we also need the
casual players to show up every week
because
they feel the numbers and you kind of
have to get into this balance of
how do you balance out the hardcores
versus the casuals and keep both sides
happy at the same time
it's like this really i almost feel like
balancing loot council in a less
hardcore guild is harder
than the hardcore guild because hardcore
guild is it's really easy to justify
what's best for the guild whereas in a
slightly more casual guild
it's it's this really difficult
balancing act i think in loot council
it's actually why i don't think non-hot
i don't
like loot council in less hardcore
guilds because it's just really hard to
implement
it's really really hard to imply i think
every loot council i've seen in a less
hardcore guild has led to issues
because the casual players might not
necessarily understand that like
no we're giving it to this guy because
he's the guy that's really he's been
doing all the support to carry this raid
like they might not necessarily
understand they're like well i'm showing
up every week i should deserve loot as
well
and then you're trying to keep those
guys happy at the same time as the other
guy's happy it's
it's a cluster trying to try and do loot
council in less hardcores
i actually actually like prefer dkp
almost in
in a less hardcore guild because it's
just straight numbers you don't have to
argue with people you don't have to try
to educate or convince people
because uh that's the other thing is
that in a more more non-hardcore setting
not everyone's educated on the best gear
decisions necessarily
a lot of people are motivated by gear
right yeah um and
that's the thing too is like if people
aren't in a hardcore guild to or people
aren't in a non-hardcore guild to
do non-hardcore things right or do
hardcore things sorry
so they're not trying to min max or
anything like that they just want to
play the game so
that's like the person who's going to
play rhett pally or something like that
he's like why are you saying i can't get
dst
i'm bringing the same thing to everybody
same thing to the table that everybody
else is right
and you're like part of the crew you're
one of the boys
you know you bring your consumes you
help other people with their consumes
stuff like that
you show up to every raid why can't you
get it
and if you tell somebody like that you
can't get it because your class is like
not as good they're going to be very
upset
whereas in a hardcore guild if you're a
rep paladin trying to be in a hardcore
guild
you know what you signed up for because
you understand what your role is you
understand that what your class is
supposed to bring or what it does and
doesn't bring
and getting a spot in the first place at
that point
is kind of your reward for being a class
that is suboptimal right it's kind of
like right now
when somebody plays boomkin in classic
right you bring a boomkin to raid
um you're just like this boomkin
understands that he's not gonna get
these good old items right away right
he's gonna have to wait a little bit
so it's uh true they need dsc to get
glad
it's the only thing stopping them no no
no no no that's the things i actually
actually think dst isn't good
uh for paladin for rhett paladin in
arena as somebody who is actually
playing rep paladin shaman in twos
and repelled and shaman uh uh warrior in
threes and
uh like planning on getting gladiator
with that composition you want you want
brooch and zerker's call like yeah
it changes your seal twisting and things
like that you want to use an on-use
trinket right
you wanna have an unused trinket so you
can burst it's way better for pvp
uh it's it's much harder to counter for
people and it allows you to
have more control of the situations that
are rng so yeah yeah just
just a small side there on use is really
really strong
in pvp because it's like like uh
sustained dps isn't what you're doing in
pvp right it's like burst windows and
things like that it's it's really oh
yeah
oh yeah
oh god i i gotta tell you dude playing
playing
red paladin shaman very underrated combo
very underrated it's
very fun wait wait does that come work
and you just you just rng for like the
crazy
like round is that how the red paladin
comes
people think it's rng it's not rng right
it's like
and if it is rng it's very much so in
your favor one you have windfury totem
you have a lot of things that uh
allow you to not be cc'd like you know
uh using
uh sack the guy has ghost wolf so he
can't be zapped things like that
there's a lot of things that you
actually have going for you wind fury
totem on top of crusader strike
and uh both parts of um uh seal of
command i believe can actually proc win
fury or when sorry winfrey can proc seal
a command on
either hit and if you twist it with
blood you get multiple uh hits of blood
in there too
so it's just a lot of damage and you can
pop wings
and use hodge windows on people it's
very very effective
and also uh bloodlust is incredibly good
for allowing you to swing a 3.8 speed
weapon at like a 2.6 speed
so if you swing once you're very likely
to be able to swing very quickly again
and win fury plus like all the chances
you get to actually proc it
it's uh it's very strong it's good but
easy to counter
see the thing is it's easy to counter
for like double range comps
things like um mage uh mage and
priests and things like that because you
can play center of the map and they
don't like the play center
but it's very it's very much so resto
shaman dependent the rest of shaman
carries
the wrestle shaman basically has to play
like a second dps purging your main
target
interrupting uh off casts putting tremor
totem down reactively
um and grounding the appropriate things
because you have to play with the rest
of shaman you can't play like a normal
healer where um
you know if the healer plays center of
the map and you play like near a pillar
trying to chase someone around it you
won't get windfury right you have to be
in range of the totem so he has to play
a lot like a second dps chasing your
target with you
um and then whenever there's a window
for him to like throw in a uh a
lightning bolt ns chain lightning he can
he can do it and help you burst
i believe last season on endless
um resto shaman paladin was the number
one
two's composition and there was like
another uh
like top four that was the same thing
and on endless i know people were saying
there was like a different like
way that it worked where i believe it
was like yellow hits could proc windfury
but it's still incredibly strong even
here but yeah and that's that's without
using the reckoning build there's a
reckoning build
or version of it too that's a little
more consistent but doesn't have the
burst control of like crusader strikes
so
but yeah no overall it's a very fun
composition just i digress yeah
sorry into red palette and [__] went
into rep fell in somewhere
well yeah um to wrap up the the some of
the hunter stuff as well
i know people are talking about melee
weaving whether it should be included
whether it shouldn't be included when
you're doing sims and analyzing hunter
stuff
the melee weaving is kind of an
interesting thing because
if you look at like the top percentage
hunters they'll be melee waving
the the the other the sweaty trihards
they'll be doing the melee wave things
but it's it's kind of tricky because do
you base your judgments on the the top 1
hunters who can do it effectively
because when when
hunters do it um like i
i guess it depends on your raid right
because if you're in a more casual good
i
wouldn't necessarily assume my hunters
can melee weave effectively
and it depends on the fight as well
that's the other thing it's like if they
can melee weave effectively
what is the fight dynamics or what are
the
requirements for the fight will they be
able to go in and now are there melee
bad melee mechanics that will force them
to not melee weave
because uh that also factors in because
even if
hunters say melee weaving is easy once
you get the timing right
the fight has to allow the melee weaving
to work really well right it's it's
very beneficial on a stationary target
but a lot of fights aren't necessarily a
stationary just
tank and spanx yeah not a lot of target
dummies out there
right so i i would say
i would say i don't always been like i
don't always uh
kind of base it on that but i do base it
on the one percent of hunters who can do
it
that's why like you'll base things on
warrior like warrior i think at one
point
um during like phase three or four um
was excuse me was the highest variance
you know the uh the
it's like a box plot so they had a graph
like that where it showed that
warriors actually had the highest
variance where like you uh
the the best warriors were like by far
away the like highest dps in the game
but then like your average warrior was
actually below your average rogue
right and below like your average like i
think uh it wasn't hunter it was like
mage at the time right
so yeah uh there's a lot of variance to
that but i will always
usually uh like base what i'm gonna do
off of the top percentage because i
i mean i play with a lot of those
players right and i feel like if i'm not
playing with those players i'm gonna go
find a guild and go play with those
players right
so that's why i base a lot of what i do
off of that
so yeah i mean it's also interesting in
what is actually
effective in in the the raid setting
right because um sometimes you want to
reduce the risk of some
encounters like sometimes like uh like
like a good example is patchwork
but there's some stuff that you can do
like to give people an example from
classic
you actually before the lip change you
could lip open on patchwork as a rogue
and that means like that entire opening
phase where you're letting the tanks get
aggro and such you don't have to sit
there and
twiddle your thumbs for the first few
seconds or the tanks do that you could
actually lip open
and it would not count you on the threat
thing like you could actually
lip open but when rogues would ask me
whether you should lip open
i look at it and be like well if you're
going for like a world
top ten pass or something sure you you
go ahead and as long as you let your
guild know that you're doing it so they
don't freak out
but yeah if you're in a setting of like
you're doing a speed run
or if you're actually trying to help the
raid out
probably don't lip open on the like one
percent chance that either you screw it
up or it freaks someone else out because
the threat table looks funky and they
see the rogue up there
there's a lot of things where it's like
there's that high potential for upside
but also the high potential for downside
where
like you have to weigh whether it's
beneficial for the raid for you to
increase your dps by x amount
at the cost of what could be potentially
really bad for the raid in some
situations
where like um but at least the upside in
tvc is that if you do die you screw up
and you die and trying to do some melee
weaving or something else happens
you're not going to lose buffs i mean
that's outside
but um yeah for like this there's just
some encounters like patchwork is is
just like the ideal example where
something that can gain you dps isn't
necessarily always worth doing in in
like every setting
particularly in the hardcore setting
where it's it's like i don't really want
my rogues uh
lip opening when you're going for a
world number one speed run at the chance
that you wipe the entire raid
for like a little bit of more dps on
your top end
no i i agree like the risk versus reward
but like
melee weaving will be viable on some
fights right and it's a good
it's a good skill to have in practice
but not every fight right that's the
thing
yeah so it's going to come down
situationally situationally for sure
but i mean that's actually one of the
reasons like um like the hunters might
think like i'm biased towards rogues or
anything
but i might actually literally be
playing a hunter in one of the three
ways that i
i do and i actually like the hunter yeah
because um
because they have i feel like the
hunters like i think i said this in the
previous spot cause the hunters have
some of the most
things to do i feel like as far as like
rotations with melee weaving pet control
those things it just feels like a fun
class to play because i like having
stuff to do
like i don't like classes where you just
sit there and press two buttons this is
just like not fun
i uh i i think i said this at the end of
the last podcast where i am ready for
the hunters i am ready to just have
five hunters in my raid and two of them
are like actual hunter players and the
other three have no idea how to control
their pet don't dismiss it on skips
like i am actually so ready they'll
right-click the boss to start their
attack before
and like accidentally pull it there's
gonna be so much of that [__] dude
there's
there were people in like my my classic
raid um
at last week who were just like messing
up
so bad on hunter it was actually so
funny i i actually find that stuff
hilarious
it'll wipe us but it's hilarious to me
so it's great
hunter is one of the roles that like if
you mess up like
it's very clear that you messed up your
pet you
uh like pulling something it's very very
clear so i love that stuff
yeah yeah for sure no i like hunters but
we'll see how it goes it's interesting
like the the hunter
uh bring back now i think there's
literally a fight in our chat going on
between us and the rogues right now yeah
yeah but
but like to talk about the dst like a
little bit more here um
yeah a hundred percent dst like
looks like it's the best like during
phase one here uh
but the options that are close to it
seem pretty close
uh but on top of that like it obviously
they're the best dps class so you would
want to give it to them
now the other thing that i was talking
about was is it the best at the end of
the game
that's the other question i have is is
it the best drink for them at the end of
the game because
i i know for a fact that like rogues
definitely still want to use it because
it's pretty much the best haste trinket
proc available to them and once again
haste affects their resource generation
it's the same thing with um
uh like warriors right so
yeah that's the other thing that i would
take into account here but right now
based on this it seems like hunters
would be like the first the best hunter
would be the person i gave it to you
right so you guys have convinced me for
now
until i see like the what it looks like
at the end
right that's all it's funny like you can
just say like one word and
and uh the class would like yeah yeah
he's with us down he's with us yeah yeah
that's that's not like the the class
disc goes good they're very um they're
they're very flippy on where you stand i
mean
you you can't be reasonable and and have
a discussion
that that ruins the whole point right
it's like you can't be reasonable
and have a discussion you just go like
you know this guy said this one thing
latch on to it and then take it to the
grave like there's nothing they can say
to reverse
it but yeah you you latch onto things
it's it's shock jockeying too if i were
like jumping into that and being like
[__] hunters like then if i was actually
like on top of that
they got that clip now zarin you messed
up they got that clip down
[__] oh god yeah but
definitely i think uh like based on this
for phase one
that's the thing is i'm much more like a
forward-thinking like
like long-term player where i don't want
somebody to throw away at this item just
because it was good for them
for like three phases right um it's kind
of like
would you would you have given uh
oh god um
would you have given a badge of the
swarm guard to a hunter at all
during uh during olive classic
because i did well i think i think our
first badge went to a hunter
even though it's like the best like
trash dps like warrior item
uh i know that in tbc it's like an
insane item for hunters so one of our
hunters got it very very early on
yeah yeah i mean uh my guild gave both
jom
and badge prior to all hunters um in
fact like
the only badge on a non-hunter in my in
my non-hardcore guild is
one that he won in a role in late game
aq
yeah so all the like so if the honda's
thing like i'm biased to his rogues or
anything we get
i literally gave all the like we gave
all the badges and jobs two hunters
in my non-hardcore guild so they got all
of them
like i don't even have a gem i was using
earthstrike the entire time although uh
guys uh i i don't like jerome anyway uh
yeah i didn't like
yeah i i didn't like john i didn't
really like how having to play around it
kramer i got badge finally last week as
a rogue see i had
badge on my rogue in vanilla and i
actually didn't
like it too much um that's a feely craft
thing and you know i was young
but i actually didn't like it that much
i felt like it took a little too long to
stack up on me
um sometimes because it was like
sometimes bad rng where i was just like
this thing is taking forever like i
pretty much had to use it with like
blade flurry and stack trinkets with it
for it to like feel good for me and even
then it just felt like
other classes were just going to make
better use of it so i was like
it's a tricky one to use because badges
like if it's a really short fight
like like really really short badge is
just amazing because
it's just amazing if you look at the
actual dps numbers badge seems
so good in a super super super short
fight but then the longer it goes on it
drops off heavily it reaches a certain
point
in sims where it's like oh the fight has
gone on for this length of time oh badge
sucks now everything else beats you
yeah like it falls off a cliff as far as
the dps game at least for rogues
so it definitely is better on the other
classes personally i think badge even
even though i'm a rogue i i would
probably give badge to other classes
just because they benefit more overall
although that said i
always rode for it in the open rows
because
i don't want to imagine it but it also
felt like
i was the class that took like too long
to actually like stack it up compared to
the others like hunters like
attack quickly and then they multi-shot
and stuff and they can get like multiple
products and then warriors just like
whirlwind and it's like oh it's stacked
haha like it felt like a lot longer for
me to actually stack it up
strangely enough um probably just use it
for trash cps and tvc yeah absolutely
and
it's gonna have a lot of value on trash
and tbc um
because you'll have less warriors which
means things get to five stack sunders
much slower and sometimes off targets
won't even have five stacks of sunder
right so it's a it'll be interesting to
see
but yeah but yeah that was a hundred
talks i hope you guys hunters are happy
but uh we we can talk about some of the
other stuff though i mean i'm not i'm
not i'm trying
i'm not trying to appease hunters and
make them happy here i'm just that's
right
play that clip of zareen swearing again
play that
not trying to make them happy i'm just
like okay i'm presented with this this
seems reasonable to me
but what does it look like at the end of
the game is my only question that's all
but here
yeah for phase one if it's still
something that you would use at the end
of the game
uh not just like swap on and off or
whatever it's something that you just
keep on static all the time
then i would just you know i'd be like
okay you know hunter warrior
hunter rogue hunter shaman i like that
someone in the chat literally just
followed the channel
just to say [__] on this that's that
that that's a linny's he's a warrior
that's
uh been in my raid for a while now he
was um
he was uh one of the top warriors in the
world
until people did the saffron strat and
then he dropped down a few places
because we never did the saffron strap
but he was in
he was one of like the diamonds in the
rough in he actually plays hunter too
um but his warrior he played in my raid
for a long time my casual raid
and then when uh i went over to rain he
was also one of the people who went to
reign
as well and it became like their number
two dps warrior in all clears and stuff
like that so
eleni's knows what he's talking about
when he says [__] hunters
as a top warrior that also plays hunter
and he says [__] hunters
like i don't know man
but yeah you do have to consider the
long term right like it depends on the
guilt
this is a very guild dependent thing
because if you go back to luke councils
in classic you look at the
um the gills that took over the
onslaught loot system are you familiar
with the on soft loot systems irene
uh oh wait what was this i may or may
not be familiar with the onslaught loot
system wait why
wha wha what happened
i uh at the end of the so my the last
raid that i ran
i was like okay i'm taking two of my
raids
and i'm just combining all the good
players um
and because max was coming out and
people were quitting and it was hard to
keep numbers i'm just i'm gonna smash
these two raids together take all the
good players
and then like start to do some like
speed runs right uh
and we did the onslaught loot system it
one it's a lot of [__]
upkeep let me tell you it's a lot of
upkeep in those spreadsheets creating
those spreadsheets keeping them up to
date
um and then bringing in new people and
stuff like that like the onslaught
system had a
very punishing thing for new players and
the onslaught system works well
if you have people in it from the
beginning
right uh and they had things where like
onslaught you had to
uh you did two phases at a time i
believe so you did like
mc and bwl gear simultaneously and then
when aq came out you put your
list as aq and nax gear right so when we
adopted the
uh loot system it was only a nax so
people were like sniping the good items
and [__] like that from each other
uh and then when new people came in
you're trying to get new members because
people are quitting the game in knacks
all the time right
so you're getting like a new person
every week and they're like oh so i
can't get any loot here for how many
weeks
so the system had to keep adjusting and
be being like you know so we don't have
a revolving door of talent like people
quit every every week and join like
a different week and [__] like that so
uh it became a big kerfuffle
of nobody was happy the
veteran players felt the system favored
the new people too much
and the new people felt like it favored
the veterans too much
so 100 100 percent
we we basically we we tried to adopt it
as much as we could but it just became
too late to actually put it into uh
effect it's funny that you had all those
because i was going to bring up
all those as problems with the old stuff
system because that was
really [__] bad it was bad it was bad
it was yeah there was a period of time
where i felt like
almost every guild was adopting on
solutions so for the people asking
what it is is basically it's the the way
they describe on subluxem is it's almost
just like
um dkp with lists it almost feels like
but it re you basically decide your loot
for the next two phases
or the next two tiers of raiding when
you do it and
once you decide that it's set for like
the next two phases so it's a system
that works really well
if you have consistent same people all
on the same level everyone's
try hunting there's no reward for being
better in
that's one of the things there's no
reward for performing better or anything
like that it's just like it's just
straight up
it's loot council with with lists added
in
and like all the items are pre-allocated
practically but
it's really good if you're a hardcore
guild that's got a consistent rate team
that's never going to change
and and you just want easy loot and
that's how it's fixed for the next two
phases
but for everyone else which is like 99
of all other guilds
it's a horrible system that sucks and is
it
i always looked at it as like why is
everyone adopting this stupid onslaught
loot system is going to cause so many
problems for you guys
you go you guys don't have a static
cruise it's
it sounds super cool a lot of people
when i like been like i don't want to do
loot council this time
like everybody was behind it at first
and then when they filled out their list
they were like this is exciting and then
the list got aggregated and points
started like going places
they were like what the [__] is this
people were like excited to fill out the
list because the list is like it's it's
a
descending list from 50 to downward
and every slot has two slots in it so
you have like a 50
an a and a b right and then you have a
49 and a and a b
and a 48 an a and a b and that's a
bracket the first three are a bracket
and then the next three are a bracket
and
what that means is when things are in a
bracket you cannot put
two items of the same type in the in
this similar bracket so
from 50 49 and 48 i can't put two
weapons in there
if i put hungry and cold at 50 gressel
cannot be
49 or 48 it has to be 47
or below right so i can't put i can't
put two weapons back to back at the top
so i have to choose so if i put a
trinket up there like slayer's crest
kiss the spider has to be down below
so in like 47 and then some items take
up
both slots so gressel takes up both
slots a and b whereas a tier piece would
take up
50a and then you could put another tier
piece in 50b
so there was a point allocation system
of items took up both slots
and their type in that bracket so it was
an interesting one where you had to pick
and choose do i want slayers
or kiss right do i want gressel or thc
and then you ended up with like 50 like
10 people with thc
and then the other 10 people with
gressel which meant the people who put
gressel on their list
net could like never get thc until 11
people had it
right yeah but that's because we only
did it in next
whereas what onslaught did is they made
you do it in a
queue for next so you had to put a qr
on your list and have it compete with
thc and wrestle
so there's things like that that
happened so it was like it was really
[__] crazy
yeah it was it's such a it's just it's
one of those systems that's really easy
for like the loot council people or like
the people in charge to implement
at the start outside of like the
spreadsheet stuff because then they can
look back and be like hey
guys it's already allocated we don't
have to make decisions it's already
allocated here and and
but jesus christ does it cause problems
i also had to adjust
it because it was made for um it was
made for horde not alliance
so like they allowed like it said like
rogues could put thc on their list
so i did i adjusted like almost
everything else like castigator and [__]
like that because that's worth more on
alliance side than horde
uh and like hatchet went down in terms
of prio and stuff like that and how many
slots it took etc
but uh when a rogue put thc at the top
of his list
and he was a human rogue i was like
here's the worst part about that is i'm
i i was i
pulled him aside and i was like look
dude you know how many [__] warriors
you're gonna make mad about this and
he's like well i put it at the top of my
list
and i'm like yeah but like
you're gonna have to swap it dude so he
swaps it to gressel and then gressel
drops that next raid
and i believe he won it
which made a lot of people really mad so
so that was uh yeah the loose system is
a little bit uh
a little bit messed up there's there's a
lot of things in there that just like
yeah it's a lot of nuance you have to do
it from the beginning and it has to like
you have to be able to like keep the
same people and they all have to be good
too
because i can't tell one person got
[__] bullied
and quit the game because they got like
hammer of the twisting nether
and they were a druid and people were
like it's better for priests
and it's better for paladins what the
[__] are you doing with that you're a
fairy firebot and then she quit the game
yeah uh turn over i miss i i miss
because i feel like the people who
bullied her
like just like shout out to yanamichi
because like
the her ferry fire up time was really
good and she was somebody who like you
know in bwl
was putting up 99 healing parses and
then had to change to be in like a more
competitive guild and no longer heal and
more so do fairy fire
so like i actually still hate that i
lost that player to this day
uh based off that [__] based off being
bullied for getting an item that they
wanted and i'm like
damn that that really sucks but you know
it is what it is i guess yeah i mean to
wrap up the like the
loot council and all the talk like
personally
my take is that um if you're a hardcore
guild i feel like loot council is just
the best system
i mean blue council is the best system
when everyone's on board with the loot
council system and everyone has the same
goals loot council is just the best
system
and then once you devolve into like the
less hardcores the casuals the
semi-hardcores
that's where you get into the point
where okay maybe we don't necessarily
want to lose counsel now you might want
to look at like a
like a gdkp or e is it ep gp
is the one which is basically dkp but
with decay
put in i think it's epgp where it's just
dkp but with decay in to try to fix some
issues
there's no perfect loot system but i
feel like once you get out of the
hardcore levels it's very hard to do
effective loot council because you just
run into the issue where
one like sometimes the loot council
people aren't educated
uh two there's more corruption i feel
like happens the the lower down you get
into
like ineffective loot councils and
things at some point it just becomes
easier to to not do loot council once
you get into the less hardcore guilds
but uh for sure i think in perfect
scenario loot council is the best system
if everything's perfect here's how um
rain does loot
just for like context on this and i
actually find it's probably been the
smoothest place that i've experienced
loot in
i know other people don't feel the same
way but uh
coming from like a bunch of raids that
did loot council where you'd sit in loot
council and be
like well like you're doing mc the whole
loot council's in there doing bwl loot
and they're not leading the raid and
[__] like i hated that
because i was a raid leader and loot
council member and it's so hard to do
both because you clear bwl
and then you guys have to do mc or you
clear aq and you guys are doing bwl and
like the raid leader isn't in
the chat because they're having to do aq
loot right um
i hated that so what rain does is rain
does
uh officer meetings on wednesdays for
their saturday sunday raids
they get all the class leaders in there
the class leaders uh talk about loot who
gets what
is it a tank thing this week is it a uh
like who's up for next kiss the spider
is it a tank or a dps warrior that those
they have a tank
class leader and a dps class leader for
warriors
and you talk about who's gonna get it
and they aggregate a list
and then the loot master uh
looks at the list when it's uh uh
when the loot drops gives it to the
class leader and the class leader trades
it to that person silently
so you don't know where the loot went
until hours after the raid
so there's no middle of the raid like
who got gressel
who got this you literally you guys just
keep [__] moving right just keep
clearing the content
and then at the end of the day somebody
will post in the warrior
like channel who like just a little like
excel thing of who got which item and
that's it
and that that's it there's no like
further discussion on it there's no
middle of the raid outrage of gratz this
person or whatever right
so yeah it's uh that's been my favorite
so far
because it doesn't detract from the
officers being in the raid
it doesn't let people focus on loot in
the moment and it makes them have to
like focus on continuing to clear the
damn content so
that's been my favorite so far yeah it's
funny the more hardcore the guild or
like the
the higher once you get into the very
higher ranks like like the rains like
the progresses and such
i feel like loot becomes less of an
issue you still get the occasional loot
issue but
because everyone's on the same page is
way easier like honestly speaking like
the more hardcore the guild the less
loot issues i've ever had because
people are more educated usually usually
yeah
well i also feel like i also feel like
you get hard pushback
when you look like a loot goblin like
oh i feel like in a hardcore guild if
you look like a loot goblin people like
make fun of you
i mean that's the other thing as well if
you're on the actual loot council
like a lot if you're a good loot council
officer a lot of good loot council
people will purposely give themselves a
little bit less loot than they could get
just to avoid any implication that they
could be corrupt
and such like i know a lot of people on
loot councils that purposely sacrifice a
little bit of loot
just to make sure that okay yeah there's
no challenge here i'm not corrupt i'm
doing everything fair
yeah i i that's what i do because i feel
like it's a conscious countering of my
own personal bias because
obviously i'm going to be biased in
favor of myself because i know me
right i see every single thing i do i
see everything who's the best we're in
the race
i read the sense of yeah not like that
but i mean like i see everything that i
do
i know every good moment i've ever done
i've seen all the bad ones i've done
uh i'm the only i'm the only person that
i watch play
every single hour that they're on right
uh
but i can't watch what you did to help
out this other warrior or did you trade
potions of the tank or something like
that right
i don't know every little thing you've
done i know every little thing i've done
for the raid
right i know every little thing i've
done so obviously you're gonna be biased
in favor of yourself
ever so slightly um so countering that
is very important a very conscious
countering of that because other people
are doing things that you will not see
right and so that that's and they will
not be talked about
so you have to kind of take that into
consideration as well and always lower
yourself
like two pegs uh on a loot list so yeah
yeah so that that's that's luke council
talk guys but um
leadership is sacrifice yeah leadership
is sex exactly like
here's the one final thing is that i
feel like the best leaders
are people that don't really want to be
leaders because they know the
responsibility
that comes with being the leader like
personally that's how i feel like a lot
of times the best leaders are the ones
that are really good that
don't actually want to be the leader
because they know like these are all the
sacrifices these are all the things you
have to do to be an effective and good
officer or leader because it's a pain in
the butt it's a lot of work
and they don't understand the sacrifices
involved i think
like it's actually interesting because i
used to think the same way where it was
like i think the people who make the
best leaders are the ones who don't want
to be leaders
but i don't think that's entirely true
because i think in order to be a good
leader
you have to understand the
responsibility and want to show their
responsibility instead of like
avoid it or anything else people who
don't want to be leaders will try to
phase themselves out
like very actively it's people who
understand like the weight of leadership
right
so the people who step up and want to
like because
that's why i tank is i feel a
responsibility for the enjoyment of
other people
so if i play poorly other people die and
then they don't enjoy the next two hours
of the raid so i feel that
responsibility constantly while i'm
tanking
and i enjoy that because i know that i
have an impact on like how other people
play the game and i will always try to
be better so that they can play to their
maximum
and that that's like i will like you
know obviously come to raid with world
buffs every single time if i have to
like
you know miss sleep to do so because i i
want people to be able to play
that way so uh it's the whole thing like
staying up and allowing people to have a
smooth loot system
you you spend hours uh as a leader
awake at night anxious working on things
uh and making sure that systems are good
and thinking of all the things that
could go wrong so that
other people don't have to right so that
other people aren't anxious so that
other people aren't worrying and that
that's very important so
yeah no i agree i totally agree but uh
yeah um
zarin what do you think about the honor
fix that blizzard implemented
uh because it's funny i think we
literally you literally mentioned that
i don't know maybe one once i think i
called them [__]
i think i called them [__] if they
didn't do it i was really tired
i was really tired okay i was really
tired
i hadn't slept well
i mean the comments on the last youtube
video by the way uh everyone
a few people know this like man the
longer the podcast goes on zarin's
slipping further down into his chair
i was i was descending into madness
but yeah so these are the other changes
for people that don't know um i assume
you know if you're playing well right
now is that they
increased honor um they they gave
double honor gains pretty much for
pre-patch on top of
the weekend holidays honestly it's still
a pretty big grind to grind honor
compared to
pre but they kind of threw it out there
as like a token okay well um we
we screwed up guys okay we screwed up uh
we don't want to wipe the honor for some
whatever reasons they just decided it
doesn't seem they're going down the
white
path i think personally they should have
still gone down the white path i think
that would be the cleanest solution
but uh obviously they're not going to
wipe now since they've
done this change which would make no
sense for them to give everyone more
honor and then go back and be like oh
yes sir you guys were wiping all and
they're going into tbc so
it seems like the the white path is off
the table and they've just doubled honor
gains
um do you think this is enough zarin
like no
no no uh um so uh
i i have two opinions on this the first
one is uh
i'm glad they did something and the
second opinion is
it's not enough because i still feel
like it's a huge grind to grind out the
honor gear
um having i i have a new 60 blood elf
right blood off paladin
and i can tell you that i am
not i'm pretty much going to get zero
honor gear
because i don't know if people realize
this but yeah i mean the hoarder
probably realizes
but like alliance have instant cues your
aav is a one
one and a half minute queue two minute
queue and then everything else is
instant
and on horde you literally have a 20
minute
av cue uh 19 minute a b and like 15
minute warsaw gold's cube like you
literally got to go play another game
while you wait to play the game
uh and then it it just feels terrible
and it feels like rolling in the new
alliance character right now you
actually have a large advantage over
rolling a new horde character right now
which is interesting
because it means to me it's kind of like
is that the benefit of rolling alliance
you know
sure you get the worst racial but you
might be able to like you know get more
honor faster
maybe that's like an adequate
compensation but
it it just it feels miserable having to
grind honor on uh
on horde side it feels really bad yeah
this is super super slow
like for example i farmed uh on and off
while i was doing other work i found
fifteen
thousand on a pre the nerf on enough
going in
then i found the remaining 5k or 4k that
i needed for my
rank 14 main hand on my new character
and and then i was like ah
i've had enough of this these cues suck
i'm done with the on the grind
because man the people that actually
want to compete with the people that
stacked it at the start
they're just making premades and they're
just playing obscene hours
non-stop just to try to catch up to
those guys
it feels very unfair for the people that
are trying to catch up now
to the people that abused the honor
before so it's kind of
it feels like it's like a token thing
that they did something but it's it's
not enough
it's really not enough if you compare it
to pre pre-gains and trying to like
catch up to those guys
yeah i i i don't know i can't believe
they uh
aren't fixing it or doing anything else
about it i mean
the honor gains being increased by 100
i'm sitting here going like
these are trash honor gains right like
i'm just like this is bad
but i'm sitting here going it's more in
line with what i remember because i
remember it taking like a full week to
even get like a weapon
in pre-patch right but the thing is this
is a different pre-patch
right it's completely different game
people have blood elves and draenei now
this was not available people are losing
all their talents and and not having any
talents
it's it's a completely different preface
i mean i mean come on
i'm talking i'm talking about like just
that the nature of this pre-patch is
you know back then it was like oh if you
want a grand marshal weapon you can like
farm a week to get it if
but here it's like people are rolling
new characters constantly people are
using a 58 boost
people are uh rolling blood elves and
draenei and have to gear these
characters up
right so or want to get gear these
characters up so
it's a completely different thing this
is not your this is not your
like dad's [__] pre-patch in like
2007.
so it's very different and it feels like
this is not adjusted for the new era of
what this pre-patch is
is my take on it yeah yeah i agree it
feels pretty miserable grinding honor
uh i have had people ask me those like
are they still gonna wipe it if i grind
on it now
nah there's there's no way they would
well i mean there is a way but
it's very very very unlikely that they
would do it now because again they would
enrage the entire community
uh i think you would people would i
think some people would quit
if they wipe the other now because like
some people have been going so hard
they would be very sad if they wiped it
at this point but
i mean the interesting thing is they
added the darkmoon fair as well but then
it was bugged
so we had the fare but for the people
that rated it earlier in the week
you couldn't actually use the fare in
naxxramas because it was
wiping the the new dmx yeah it was wiped
it was really funny because we
we like unbooned so here's the thing is
our raid we got
double ani and we got the new zg buff
because there's there were different
versions um
to explain to people really quickly just
keep it short um
the ani buff was bugged and there was a
tbc version of ani and there was a
classic version of ani and if you booned
and unbooned it gave you the classic
version of ani
and then if you dropped a new ani head
it was the tbc version so you could
actually have both i actually had 66
crit um in my last raid on stream as a
main tank
um it's [__] ridiculous uh
and it was actually insane the uh and
then the new zg was
it wasn't movement speed it was 30 it
was like plus 50 stats and then 30
stat increase instead of the 15
and then movement speed uh so we had we
went for the new zg we went for the
double awning
and then when people had unbooned their
or sorry people had uh
logged out i think yeah they logged out
in naxx with dmf
because we had to unboot to get the
awnies um
it uh it got rid of their dms when they
logged back in
so people unlock like logged out so that
they could like you know save time on
their um
uh their buffs but they log back in and
their dmf was gone
so it looked like it was like the tbc
version of dmf that was like wiping in
raids
it was really weird yeah the tvc version
of dmf by the way pain in the butt to
manage because
it rolls one to ten percent and
you get the roll when you get it and
then when you boon it and unbox when you
prune it
it rolls again so you might have a ten
percent that re-rose into
like a one percent for you know yeah
it's so bad
it's so weird dude and then uh like just
to speak on buffs a little bit more
there was like uh
somebody was telling me that um on uh
you know we were talking about like
paladins buffing people
outside of raid and then when you pull a
boss it gets rid of the buff apparently
that doesn't happen with the 10 minute
buffs so
in 25 mans you could just have a pallet
and outside buff everyone with 10 minute
buffs and then not have to be in the
raid but i was just like that doesn't
sound good
you know that doesn't sound good yeah so
it doesn't wipe the read
so people are asking uh double buffing
yet is gone so what happened at the
start was you could double buff onyxia
you could double buff rend as well
actually
um zg buff is another one where actually
if you boon and unboon it gives you the
old zg buff so for people that don't
know zg buff
is changed in tbc it has slightly
different stats gains and things like
that
and if you boon it and unboot it it
swaps it back to the old version so
anytime you boon it seems it swaps stuff
back to the old version is what happens
with with things
so but that that was all hotfixed at one
point in time except
the zg buff i don't think to my
knowledge i'm not sure if they fixed it
yet but the first fix didn't fix the zg
buff
so you can no longer get double buffs
but if you boone and unboon i think it's
still swapping
you back to the old zg buff from from
what i recollect but i'm not sure if
they've hotfixed it since i last checked
but that's that's basically what's been
happening with the buff the buffs have
been uh ever been a mess
but they did hotfix it so now you can
get dmf in next as well
so that that was also included in the
hot fix
but yeah welcome welcome to pre-patch
guys
um they fixed the blood first though
they fixed blood thirst
for the warriors yeah i mean it's
actually gonna be a large increase to
like
your bloodthirst damage makes it not a
trash ability because you literally were
whirlwinding instead of bloodthirsting
right but hopefully it affects
everything like because there were other
things too
like exposed weakness and stuff like
that that weren't benefiting it
so i'm glad they're fixing it but yeah
this is what i was saying where it's
like
i wish the abilities when was this
posted uh this was
let's see blue tracker posted one day
ago one day ago this was the 26th
this was fixes funded from the 25th
hotfix okay okay yeah because we talked
about this and i was telling you like
even if it works that if even if it
worked that way back
in original wow in tpc the designer
intent
is different than the execution here
like things should be intuitive i don't
want to have to look at a [__] like
like tool tip or guide and like not have
it tell me
exactly what it's supposed to do right
like that's the thing i don't like um
so i'm glad that they have made this
change
uh because i feel like it just goes way
more in line with my
expectation of how an ability should
work so
uh next up is cloak of shadows yeah
please please please
cloak the shadows just just make it 90
percent it says 90 percent just making
90 percent come on
i'm either way here i'm either way here
i'm like if it was 80
and you guys were telling us 90 the
whole time just make it 80
right uh just make it say eighty percent
on the tool all right rogue disco
getting irene start making hate threads
about zarya
i just want [__] consistency that's
all i want right that's all i want
is consistency i want the ability to
work the way they had intended which in
my opinion is the ninety percent because
coke shadows is supposed to be something
where
it's very very very like small chance
that it works and is it eighty percent
only in pvp
yeah only in pvp in pve it's still 90
supposedly
they say that but with the way pre-patch
has been working i
i am not sure how the game works anymore
what's the rationale behind that man
like i i mean there's probably something
there's got to be something in there
that makes it like that yeah yeah
i don't know but um speaking of things
that are really
really um confusing at times let's talk
about the feral energy change more
uh so to recap for people that don't
understand the the feral changes
or not the the new trick so the trick is
that if you uh use a weak trolls blood
potion
at the right timing you essentially
can gain energy as as a druid like the
two really really simplified in
but the timing window is at 0.4 to 0.5
seconds
uh to cancel the aura like optimally to
do this entire thing so they have like a
0.1 second window
to do this perfectly optimally as a
druid
if they want to get like that energy
back in order to do their full
really good rotation and they have to do
this every four seconds
it's terrific so like uh
if the they give an example here in this
article you need 45
weak trolls blood potions in a
three-minute fight
if you're going to do this thing uh for
me this falls into the thing we were
talking about last week where
it's like that something needs to change
just
could you make this easier or something
because i feel bad because
on one hand they don't want this taken
away necessarily because they
they need this to get the old pre energy
change dps back
um to to explain the the energy changes
for people that don't understand them
basically right now is
if something happens in the middle of
your energy tick that makes it reset so
for example for rogues it's if you use
adrenaline rush and it affects your
energy
you get refunded the energy back so if
you're halfway
through your energy tick it refunds you
what your energy is worth up to that
point in the tick
so by abusing the weak troll's blood
potion you can
get that energy earlier basically and
for feral jews that's really important
for the the shifting strategy but but
but that's how it
used to work yeah yeah
yeah that's how it used to work is so
basically they're having to use a
consume
as a workaround because when you have
something that changes your mana
hp energy anything that adjusts your
tick
uh rate on anything that's connected to
your character
it just resets it and this this is why
this is why
um drink walking works
yeah right so hold on let me
yeah so but if you were chatting saying
like yeah this is what it's supposed to
be
yeah we're not really saying that it's
not that it's not what it's supposed to
be it's
it's more of a discussion here of should
this be changed to be
less of a ridiculous pain in the butt
thing
because the current implementation might
not actually be fun
so like this this might cut into the fun
element of the game and
it's kind of like how warriors
technically the bloodthirst thing that
they just changed wasn't
something they needed to change if we
were going for the original
experience based on the patch number but
if you want to improve the player
experience
for the ferals maybe you make this a
little bit easier or not a scuff to do
if you want i'm gonna turn into the old
feral ways
yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna share screen
for one second here um
so so this is my holy paladin i've been
boosting on this character and one of
the things like back in the day you used
to have to drink walk
in speed runs in order to keep your mana
up and keep up with warriors you would
have to like
run and then the server tick you'd have
to stop and drink
right but normally you'd have to time it
with a server tick
now if you have if you drink which
changes your mana regeneration right
here on your character sheet right
it gives you mana instantly so watch
this i can just run
and spam drink it's going to give me
money back
right i'm literally jumping running
getting 200 every time i do this
so that's why i have 300 water on me
because you can literally run and do
this at the same time
and it works in pvp it only works with
um
with water though you can't do it with
food so if i do it with food it doesn't
work right
so that means that if mages you know you
want to make a table that's a mana
biscuit
give me the water because they can't do
it with them on a biscuit you do it with
water
oh i'm sure mages will be really happy
about that
yeah it's uh it's it's insane that it
works like that and it actually
just makes it super easy but it makes
you go through so much water
it's it's actually just insane but it's
incredibly powerful
right being able to move at the same
time and drink it's it's crazy good
yeah i mean this is like oh oh there you
go
this is one of my candies that separated
in my opinion like the old school
looking at old school um
before all these changes looking at good
healers and good casters and things
they'll be very good at drink walking
and things like that that was one of the
skills because they had to do this while
speed running and doing other things in
the hardcore guilds
it's not something that was uh
necessarily easy
so what are your thoughts on on the
feral thing i assume you're probably on
the same page where maybe make this less
scuffed
just just just make it work the way it's
supposed to
like because this is legitimately like
this is the drums change all over again
where it's like
what's the point are you making it so
that players don't power shift because
they're going to do it anyway
right even if it's like because it's dps
it's still dps to power shift it's not
dps loss to not powershift which is
worse than it was
right um and i'm sitting here going
well just just make it work the way that
it's supposed to
right because even if it's annoying a
feral druid is going to come to [__]
raid
with like the 500 potions he's gonna do
it if he cares about his damage
he's gonna go farm earth route or
whatever the hell he needs like the
level eight consumable
is countering what they're doing just
this just goes back to like i've been
preaching this blizzard has a golden
opportunity
to make the timeline of wow
not suck right you have you have this
golden opportunity to not descend into
the [__]
in wrath of lich king that made the game
fall apart around cataclysm and made
people not
play it as much right and you have a
chance to make the game enjoyable even
if these things existed back then
right because this was apparently a
change that happened in like you know
two point whatever
2.2 or something like that even if it
existed back then i don't care it's not
fun
just make the game fun make it work
right and
you have a better game on your hands it
doesn't matter if it stays true to the
way classic was back in the day i'm not
a purist like that right
uh i would rather have something that's
modern and works for
you know 2021 and that's what i think
they should do is they should fully
embrace that it's a different game
because it's going to be a different
game right it's not burning crusade it's
burning crusade classic
i think there has to be changes to it
that makes sense and this one is one
that absolutely makes sense because
people are just gonna work around it
and if you change something that it like
like messes with tick updates because
you just go oh
let's just make it so it doesn't do this
at all
i i have i don't know i feel like that
just
shutting down like a really clever way
of doing something that you should just
let them do anyway
so i i feel like they should just give
the pharaohs what they want
you know yeah i mean but but i'm the
kind of guy who's just like you know
mages are gonna boost slave pens who
gives a [__] kind of thing you know i'm
the kind of guy who's like paladins are
gonna like
the duo and solo strat like who gives a
[__] let them play the game
unless it's like completely egregious
and like really bad for it then
stop it but this is something where it's
like you're you're preventing people
from playing the game the way they want
to play it and ferals were never like
super dominant dps anyway right like
they do a lot of damage now with
if they can actually do their rotation
uh i think somebody did like 1900 damage
on patchwork the other day
or 1900 dps on patchwork the other day
power shifting um but it's not like
you're some insane
like oh this is completely broken thing
just let them play the game and let
their
let their class work holy [__] let them
work
yeah if it was especially bad for the
the people that played pharaoh in
classic with the intention
of transitioning to tbc now and they're
like well you can't just take it away
from me now and
like it's the time of the pharaohs i
know some people to even swap deferrals
because they're like oh they have a fun
rotation they're actually good in tbc
and then they get hit with this thing
where they're changing like oh no sir
you just lose 25 percent of your damage
and then now they have change where it's
like
well we get the damage back but do we
want
is this the way we want to get that 25
damage back not not really it's
yeah it's really really scuffed yeah but
people are like oh this is the way it
was this happened in 2.2 so
they are making the game this way but i
don't know it's the whole idea of
yeah like i like i said last time right
like um when i was play testing
it's like you should be questioning the
goal of the design intent
even if the design itself is like you
can make it happen
it's like why would you do this it's
what's the point is this a good goal to
have
and right here it's like they i just
don't think they have the right goals
for
feral for these these tick regen things
right the intent of it
is not happening in the execution right
and instead it's having other
issues happen yeah right exactly like
someone
saying it's not breaking the game or
anything just they're just going to be
okay
decent dps if they have this change and
then they're going to have more fun so
why not do it
your feral might take your rep paladin's
dps spot so you know that
okay
i'm just kidding yeah but what do you
think of the
the giant band wave by the way that went
out so
there's been a lot of people who got
banned um like for for many different
things yeah yeah i mean
for a while like some of my guests
because like people know one of my
characters in progress a lot of people
probably like oh
uh is this gonna affect a race at all
like the race for world first
because if key people get banned in like
the top guilds this could really screw
over people's
race for world first plans like really
really badly
because uh for people that don't know
basically a giant bandwave went out so
they banned
pretty much they wiped out the borders
like all the boosted if you do who
58 mage or whatever those guys just all
got flagged and they're going now
but they also hit everyone that was
using imov everyone that was using
well not everyone but a lot of people
that were using i'm off a lot of people
that were using console port which
allows you to use your game controllers
to play wow as well which uh i i
questioned why you were doing that but
maybe some people have
like turbo control they have reasons for
doing that maybe disabilities other
reasons whatever it is
but yeah they hit a lot of people that
got it
hit by this and then they're slowly
unbanning people it seems
like if you appeal but it's not like
perfect i know some people that were hit
by the imov band that haven't
been fixed yet but they're kind of
waiting on the gm or whatever to get
back to them
yeah imorph has always been against uh
tos so
i'm off is an interesting one because
it's almost like
everyone knew it was against us but
because they never touched them in the
past people
would just keep using it i mean this is
twitch with dmca right
this is like you just keep playing music
because nothing's ever happened to you
kind of thing right
so but yeah so so for people that don't
know don't use i'm off and don't use
console port anymore um because blizzard
has
the the bands they're reversing they're
basically saying okay um
yeah maybe this is a little bit harsh
we'll reverse this but if you do it
again
we're gonna get you so yeah don't don't
use i'm off or console port
right now yeah and let him off with a
warning yeah but a lot a lot of people
have actually gotten banned it's really
interesting it feels like they're
spending more time on like banning
people right now than like fixing the
game
because uh my i know i know there's
completely different departments
i understand but like a few people that
i know have actually been suspended for
uh a lot of name crackdowns happened uh
a lot of people had to like rename i had
to get a forced name change
um oh yeah i've seen you do have some
spicy names at times
yeah yeah it was it was goatsee
[Laughter]
which i i don't know if they said it was
goat sex or something but it was like
goats s
e and cx after goat c dot cx
which is old meme but it checks out uh
and so i was like i don't know what to
name my character so now that character
is a
draenei female shaman it's now a shawmy
milkers
much much better an improvement a little
bit better
yeah yeah show me milkers much more uh
much
much better than goatsee so yeah they uh
that but my friend also got uh he
actually got a name change and he got
banned for a few days too
um and he tried to appeal it he he did
the ah all right so his name was pve
[__]
um because he was a he was a warrior he
was a paladin who was rerolling warrior
his name was pve [__] and he had never
been reported he's had that name for
like
a year and a half he's never been
reported because
he always pve he would world buff and
log and so when he started doing bgs and
he actually has the death charger he has
the mount from uh strat
we think that people were like jealous
of him in av or something and like
started reporting him because he's on
the death charger and his name is pve
[__]
and so he tried to appeal the ban
because he got he got name change and
got like a three-day ban or four-day ban
or something like that maybe even five
um and he tried to uh he tried to appeal
it with you know
one of those famous tickets you put in
uh
as one does and he said so this is a
misunderstanding
uh this is my first initial and last
name i am peter
veritard so i'm
just imagine being the person on the
other end of that support ticket
just like yes peter veritard yes
i'm sorry it looks like pve [__] but
you know
my bat
[Laughter]
oh god oh but yeah they've cracked on
people for names uh
somebody in my leveling group actually
got banned until the first
like literally the release date yeah
yeah so we're like is he even gonna be
cause you know sometimes they aren't
timely with their unbans people like oh
does it happen at noon does it happen at
midnight
um so he's banned uh for uh let me find
this really quickly it's um
it's uh account suspension until
uh 601 the offense is pvp
non-participation we received evidence
that this account behaved in
battlegrounds and arena in a way that
detracts from the in-game integrity of
world of warcraft after reviewing this
evidence we have suspended your account
so uh for afk and av or any
any battleground you can get suspended
for a week for pvp non-participation
mm-hmm i mean what actually interesting
you just say that oh no i got
disconnected actually i get disconnected
because jesus christ trying to finish a
bg in that first week was rough
oh yeah man it's uh uh i'm
i'm surprised i'm surprised but i mean
they're doing something about stuff and
they're definitely like doing a lot more
uh
banning yeah well i mean i hope like
outside of all the false positives and
like the fact that it could affect the
the racial world first if people don't
get like timely unbans and things like
that for the i'm off
issues i'm i'm happy to see that they're
being proactive with like the butt
problem because
to to go back like we're not going to go
into a whole boosting talk thing but
like that was one of the concerns of the
58 boost
was that it would introduce a lot of
bodies
who would take advantage of it they'd
level majors to 58 and then just bought
the bot all day but it seems like
blizzard's at least doing something
about it the question is will they
continue about this or is this like the
one wave we get
and then we see another bandwave six
months from now or something
and this is going to let the borders do
their thing because it would be nice
if they just keep actively banning all
these borders that that would be quite
nice
but i don't know if they're going to do
i hope so
i mean one would hope that they banned
the botters because they know they've
also
the the reason they introduced like the
instance cap was because of botters
right so if they're on top of that they
never have to reintroduce like an
instance cap
right yeah so i i think that's the thing
that i'm i'm looking forward to because
i think the removal of the instance cap
has been fantastic
right oh yeah i don't i don't like i
don't like having an instance cap at all
like i'm doing boosts on my pally now
and it's probably the most fun i've had
in the game in a while
um like boosting strat and coming up
with new [__]
like i'm having a ton of fun with that
but yeah no i like it
but to speak of the 58 uh boost effects
um
i'm really loving the atmosphere of the
servers i don't know about other people
but it's been really nice interesting
to have so many people back in the game
like it's it's lively like there's a ton
of people around
i know that's the downsides of you know
people are doing zg's where
people have no idea what they're doing
because they're on 58 boosted characters
and such
but i really enjoy the atmosphere
that's really really nice at the start
of these where it's like that's all your
friends are around
it's lively there's so much things
happening on the server this is what i
uh this was one of the reasons why i was
actually for the the boost and
like people may disagree but this is why
i like i want this atmosphere to stay as
long as possible because for me this is
like peak
mmo experiences when the servers are
super busy we have like tons of people
and
friends online all the time i can
actually do guild groups all the time
right now
like i i was loving a new character i
could actually be like hey who
who wants to go do strat home and
there's a bazillion people like yeah
let's do strat home
a lot of people want to do strat right
now a lot of people want to do strat
yeah
it's really fun having all these people
in and if you didn't have the boost like
yeah you'd also have a lot less people
that uh don't know how to play the
characters and such but
the benefit of this is there's a lot of
people i know that wouldn't be playing
right now if
not for the boost um a lot of people
that came back or rather like
they might be playing but i might not
see them for a while they might be
leveling down in the
low levels and and with the short
pre-patch i don't know if i'd see them
for
god knows how long before they catch up
yeah and
there's like three things with this is
like one there's a lot of like
it's been really good for me like
boosting strat and getting business
because a lot of people want to go from
58 to 60 in like two hours
and then uh the other thing on top of
that is there's like
i see a lot of people online and when i
have like a new like 60 blood elf like
people want to do [__] all the time and
people need tanks so like playing pratt
is like really easy to gear up right now
aside from pvp as horde because the
queue times
but the final thing is when i'm on
fairlena
i actually don't really recognize my
server anymore and that might sound a
little strange but like i just don't
recognize
almost any of the guilds or people
running around anymore
and it's probably indicative of
something that would have happened
anyway
but like there's so many guilds i don't
know that i've never seen before
and it feels like when i log on my blood
off that's on a different um
a different uh server on sofiris it
feels the same where i just don't know
anybody
uh and i don't feel like i recognize any
guilds and it's the same thing on
farolina there's all these guilds that
have popped up that
people have transferred or like all
these new players
all these new things i'm just like this
is not fairlina of classic this is gonna
be fairly enough tbc it's really
interesting
so i i just don't recognize my server
anymore and i don't know if that's a bad
thing or if it's just
it was going to happen anyway and it was
going to change so i mean felina might
be the most weird
popular server now um i was looking at
the queue
because uh the queue was at least longer
on fedlina and whitemane
at the same time because i play on both
characters the queue was longer on
felina than on white man
and and has been a lot of people talk
about yeah white man has actually
had the higher population definitely for
a long time white man was the highest
population in well
but i think with the recent like a lot
of people rolling off elena
because it's the streamer server as well
and other reasons
i think felina might be back on top
right now for the most biggest wow
server
in in wow yeah i mean you've been seeing
like asmin come back and [__] like that
you see
like a lot of the streamers start uh
start playing again and so i i it feels
like
berlin is the new tichondrius that's
funny because i am on tichondrius on
retail so
god damn um yeah it does feel like it's
a very populated server
but we'll see what happens i don't
really like cues
i don't think anybody likes queues i do
like a popular server but i don't like
the cues so
uh i hope this doesn't get in the way of
you know being able to play the game
that i pay to play
right so oh i mean you won't get in the
ways irene if you just
cue the day before and then once the 20
hour queue is done you'll be good to go
hmm yes just wake up really early and
make sure that they don't
drop out of you speaking of the queue
how are they going to do it for like the
server start like tbc start are we going
to see like
are the servers going to go down and
they're going to bring it back up again
and then everyone's going to spam to try
to get in before the queue starts
because jesus christ could that be a
mess
i don't know because that that scares me
no that that actually scares me because
whatever like you get in and then your
group leveling group like half of them
are stuck in like a eight hour cube for
some reason
that's that's gonna be messy man that's
gonna be so messy everyone on the busy
servers
yeah it's gonna be insane um i have no
clue how it's gonna work uh
my my friend though has a five head plan
though he's using his 58 boost on a
different server
to level that character up and then like
you know gear it and stuff like that on
like a low pop server
and then he's going to go all the way to
70 and then he's going to transfer it to
fairlina afterwards so
that's actually smart that's actually
unless unless they close off
transfers you know he wants to be like
one of the first 70s there but he
doesn't want to have to deal with queues
at all
yeah that's actually so that's actually
a big brain unless he gets locked out
like you said but that's actually your
brain
it's really funny oh yeah
he he does have a big brain he's a good
dude yeah but no i'm liking i'm liking
the atmosphere see how it goes though
because like
obviously the ongoing talk about like
boosting and always always been like
okay but
these guys are gonna disappear again in
a couple months but we'll see like i'm
sure a lot of them will disappear but
hopefully
enough of them stay the atmosphere stays
for as long as possible
but uh only time will tell with that one
no clue how it's going to play out
honestly but it's a new new territory
for even me right like how the boost is
gonna play out so
yeah uh so far i've been okay with it
and it just kind of made people like run
instances again it's pretty easy to find
stuff that you wanna do
uh the thing that sucks though is uh
i've got a lot of questions on my
stream where it's like hey i just got my
boost what do i do
and i'm like [__] like i i don't know
like if i boost the character right now
like what would i do
i mean i guess i guess i'd you know if i
was somebody who would like
can't afford because i'm new i can't
afford like a boost in strat to get to
like 60.
i guess i would just go quest with my
green gear and try to like upgrade my
gear and then run strat
and then maybe pvp if that's like you
know the
the honor system or whatever is like
uh the queues aren't terrible like you
go epl and that's like
i guess and then afterwards they're like
do i level
professions what do i do should i spend
like my time getting professions up how
do i make gold
that's the big one is people like how do
i make gold as a warlock and i'm like
i don't know some summon people like
yeah gold making is really
tricky right now because it's like a lot
of stuff just isn't
like the economy is insane right now
like nothing makes sense in economy like
some stuff is really high some stuff is
really low
it's all over the place trying to make
money is uh if you don't have your money
for tbc already good luck because
it's messy right now it's messy out
there because we're in that weird
transition phase where
some stuff just isn't used anymore that
you would go farm gold for in the past
like
we don't need half the consumables and
raids anymore like most of that is just
junk
like i went and did the high chieftain
quest on one of my new
characters and it wasn't like it used to
be where i would have to
fight with five thousand people to kill
the high chieftain because he drops
winterfell fire water because no one
cares about what he's got
anymore yeah it's like 40 silver it's
like what
what the heck it is funny though that
the boosted characters only have 25 gold
i did they got a good laugh after that
one yeah they gave them 25 gold and not
even full
like big uh slot bags is it 12 slot bags
or
or 14 i think yeah yeah they didn't even
give them 16 slot bags
they gave them 14 slot bags i think they
have journeyman backpacks or something i
don't even know what they have
it's 12 slot they have 12 slots okay
that's why the journeyman backpacks are
like four gold now okay
that makes sense to me they're 14 but
were they reverted ooh
yeah they made it even worse i think
like i feel like they
they bought it on the okay so no one can
complain that these boosted characters
have an advantage we're just going to
give them the worst
gear and manageable like the worst gear
you could ever imagine
and and this way no one can complain
that they have an advantage and then
we're only going to give them 25 gold
yeah you can't you can't keep buying
this and getting gold from this oh man
yeah it's uh it's interesting it's
really interesting but for people
to answer that question though for
people that do want to know what to do
on your like new 58
it's actually very fast to level from 58
to 60. i did it without boosting
um literally like three three to four
school romances will get you there like
a same for strat home
uh for people that have seen that that
rested xp add-on
that a lot of people are using and
promoting like full disclosure i am a
partner in that as well
um but the rest xp add-on is quite good
the the 58 to 60 portion is actually
free
you actually don't have to pay for that
so if you want just a good quest
leveling add-on
the the rest xp is free from 58 to 60
and it's uh it's one of the best
leveling add-ons personally but again
like
full disclosure again like one thing um
i've seen a lot of people promoting this
rested xp add-on
um people need to know like because i
feel like a lot of people
aren't savvy with internet marketing or
like disclosure agreements and things
like that
if you are partnered with this and
you're getting money for
promoting yes yeah you have to let you
have to let people know you can't just
be like oh yeah this add-on's really
good guys
follow this link in the description you
have to let people know that's why i'm
very clear when
any time i mention rest xp i am
partnered with them it is an affiliate
link if you join
and sign up through them it's an
affiliate link but uh yeah i think new
content creators do need to know you can
get in trouble for that if you don't
disclose
oh yeah you could because then you're
just like wow look at how great this
add-on is that i have
no part in wow this is amazing guys it
works so well
and people need to know that you're
actually getting paid so
yeah yeah exactly but yeah no i'm
enjoying it on my 58 for my 58
i did rank 14 main hand because it's a
rogue i did rank 40 main i just wanted
something
but at this stage i don't even know if i
would recommend that path for people
because jesus christ it takes a long
time to farm 19 000
honor and we don't have much time left
but that's what i did i got the rank 14
main hand and then
uh that's it
and that's about it i don't have time
for the other stuff but i know some
people are going insane
on on the on the grind i know some
people with 58 booster characters that
have like
70 000 on and almost 100 of each mark
and such they've just been grinding like
crazy
that's crazy yeah but for the most part
i don't think you have to worry too much
if we're going to tbc you replace a lot
that requested as long as you can
complete quests you're pretty good like
there's a lot of decent quest gear you
pick up along the way it's just uh
at least from a dps rogue perspective uh
my rook has had no problem just questing
he's been doing okay as long as you can
complete quests
i say that when i was thinking about it
i was like wait i remember the gear my
rogue has he's
he's got a trinket that doesn't even
have attack stats on it
good lord i think one of the rings by
the way if you need good rings and a
boosted character get the
like there's a lot of people loving
jewelcrafting you can get like one gold
rings from the auction house right now
that are better than the boosted gear
yeah but uh yeah i don't think grinding
on it that hard i mean it's not that
hard it's just time consuming it's very
time consuming especially if you're
horde's side that's the big problem yeah
those are the cute
cues are so long
and you need a pre-made to really make
like fast progress there as well
yeah but um there's one thing that's
popped up while we've been doing this
that a lot of people want us to talk
about is the
whole oceanic issue so
just i actually already had this on the
list
of topics to cover but since we started
podcasts they
there's been more stuff coming out about
this basically what blizzard is doing is
they are
putting the oceanic groups with the n a
group so that they'll have a bigger
pool for pvp so this means like because
in the past the problem with oceanic
rounds and i'm someone from australia in
original
uh wow i did play from australia as well
so i understand the pains there
is that the pool if you're just in
oceania alone is very small this happens
in every
competitive game like in league of
legends for example the
competitive pool for playing high level
arena high level rated games is really
rough
because there's just not enough people
it's not enough people you spend half
your day just waiting in queues and
things like that
and then people just end up making
smurfs but
what blizzard is doing is they're
combining both the n a
and the oceanic realms as far as
queueing together for pvp goals
so at first someone asked me about this
when it first released and i was i was
happy about it because
from my opinion like cueing the queues
get really unfun
if you're a highly rated arena person in
a small small group like that
but the problem now is that there's a
lot of lag issues coming up because the
problem is that you have to combine
like the oceanic people basically have
to pva at 200
300 ping and it's it's definitely a big
disadvantage
and it's causing a lot of issues um
there's a lot of issues
uh but yeah what are your thoughts on
the serene it really depends on the
execution of like the ping right
like if it's completely seamless and
they have like some like
it it's really like normal ping
then it's not a problem but it's gonna
put them in a pool
of like uh
it's gonna put them in a pool of players
that like it's probably going to dwarf
them
and i'm not sure if the ping is going to
be good
so it's it's not good it's very bad
from from what everyone's been sending
me it's it's pretty bad
it's pretty bad there's a lot of
complaints from the oceanic community
right now because it feels really bad to
play
because they've gotten used to playing
with like non-bad ping and it isn't
definitely like
very noticeable disadvantage to pvp
isn't there close is there a closer
server they could play on
just like i mean in the past like what
happened with a lot of games is oceana
would be grouped in with like
uh oceana uh with uh indonesia and
and places near that like that like sea
region
is what they would do but it's causing
uh
it's causing a lot of issues it's
causing a lot of issues
uh well i mean someone just linked to me
it's basically just a big threat of just
oceanic players complaining about the
lag it's basically made a lot of stuff
just feel very unplayable for people
that are used to
like a snappy ping they're now playing
with like that 300 ping lag
so i don't know would you rather have
like a
deal with a very small pool and have
that higher quality pvp experience
with the longer queues or would you
rather join a like a battle group
i mean quality always matters to me but
yeah i i feel like
as soon as soon as there's an issue of
like you cannot play the way you want to
play the frustration factor is higher
i would be more frustrated with with
latency than
q times right because at least i can
play the game
i mean that's the general when i get
into it general idea i'm getting from a
lot of oceanic guys a lot of them
completely hate this i've gotten so many
messages from them they they hate this
they can't play
yeah like you said they can't play the
way they want to do it they would
they would they would take the smaller
bg groups in exchange for just being
able to play they want the way they want
to play
because like for people that don't
remember the way it used to work
way back in the day oceana was on bg9
so the two unofficial servers i played
on both of them was blackrock for pvp
and proud more for pve
this was how it was way back in the day
for like blizz-like experience
and um you could still get gladiator
like i got to gladiator raiding
playing with like the 300 ping or
whatever it is but there was a lot of
scuffness that had to happen you you
just
adjusted you just dealt with the fact
like there's some stuff i just can't do
some things i can't compete on because
of my ping and
it got to the stage as well that a lot
of people who were the high end
it was almost mandatory to spend like
the five dollars to join one of those
tunneling services because that was one
of the few places where tunneling
like for people that don't understand
ping tunneling you can get a better
route
to the server if you're in a different
country sometimes
just due to how your internet provider
routes it to the wild servers
so a lot of oceana servers players would
buy ping things i think that was
literally one of the first ever
ping reduction services and it was for
wow
oceana players who wanted to play wow
with a slightly better experience
so everyone back then in the gladiator
ratings were paying five dollars a month
to this one service to tunnel your ping
to the us
so yeah i i think they should revert it
honestly if people hate it this much
because the the experience is completely
different
and people have gotten used to things
it's kind of like managing player
experience
or player expectations like you can't
give them something and then
for this long and then take it away and
now they're used to that old thing and
they they want it back it it feels like
it feels bad if they had been playing on
300 ping the entire time is one thing
but to let them play on good ping
service and then take it away from them
is is going to feel really bad for them
that's going to feel terrible that's
going to feel god awful oh man
uh yeah i mean there's got to be a
better solution to this unless they
really have like a way that it's like
flawless so
i mean uh i i don't know how they would
make a decision like this and feel good
about it
where they're solving one problem and
causing another if they didn't
have a way to actually like make that
other problem
non-existent right they're solving the
problem of q times while introducing the
problem of potential pain
and if they said well this is a
sacrifice we're willing to make
and they aren't saying oh we have a way
to fix the ping then this is absolutely
terrible so i have no idea
what they're gonna do with this but it
just seems like
it remains to like a bad decision until
proven otherwise yeah i agree so yeah
ocean of silver players i'm with you i
understand
i played from ocean as well um i agree i
don't think they should
i don't think they should do this um but
yeah uh
to go into all the pre-patch issues
jesus uh where do i even begin on this
we gotta
um pre-patch has been an interesting
experience so have you seen this one
zarin have you seen this one so this is
uh something that um
tatsu actually passed along to me um
have you seen the auction house bug
which one the one with like yeah this is
the one where the guy buys
buys chrono boons and then he loses like
10 000 gold or whatever it is
like and then it kicks him out yeah yeah
so for people that don't know um
this guy bought chronoboons but it seems
like
he didn't buy the chronoboons that he
was supposed to buy like the auction
house just gave him the like the
the trolley 900 gold chrono boons
instead
when he gave him the one that's it's the
one that's third down i gave him the
third one down yeah so i'm gonna play
the video and you can see
he's gonna he's gonna buy chrono boons
like normal
all right so you're gonna go buy his
chrono boons he buys out
and look at this gold stack he's down to
2 000 gold now
and that's just it so
this this is really messed up this is
really messed up there's a whole thread
on reddit going on for this right now
and it's um they're trying to work out
if did this guy have
have an un like uh unauthorized add-on
or some some corruption in his add-on
like a week or
something but from what people have seen
so far no one's found anything
the guy even uploaded his folder for
people to sniff through and try to find
like maybe there's some scammy thing in
one of the add-ons someone uploaded a
bad version of questi or something like
that that's
doing this hack but so far no one has
found anything yet
there's people talking that potentially
there's something with auction
auctionator i think it is our auctioneer
that that might be making things screwy
but that's just like a guess
they haven't found anything that's
proven that this is what it is so the
guy's putting a ticket blizzard
hasn't been able to resolve it they've
said that they don't
they don't know what's going on or they
they just guessed that oh maybe you have
an add-on that did this
and and he's just kind of out of luck
so if it really feels bad i've told
everyone i know to not
um to use like tsm or something that's
reliable
but yeah this guy was just wasn't even
using auctioneer at the time
he was this is just in the default
auction stance
and he got his goal taken away which is
pretty messed up
like it's really nice it's happened to
multiple people that's the scary thing
it's not just this guy
it's happened to multiple people um that
we know of
so it's it's a really bad bug i don't
know if this happened to me i would
and i wasn't like a content creator i
was in the wild scene i would quit
i really quit if if i just suddenly lost
all this gold
right you didn't have a clip of it
what's something like that you didn't
have a clip of it
uh evidence if you didn't have anything
like this
yeah the thing is he has evidence and
they haven't they haven't done anything
about it
so i i don't know it feels really bad
but this is just like the start of many
many bugs right like where do we even
we begin with this stuff uh dodge dodge
isn't working
dodge is literally just not working uh
for people who don't know
dodge is not working so the warrior
discord and fight club and meiji and
those guys all tested out
that dodge is literally not even working
right now um or at least
it seems like nothing's happening with
the dodge that
that you have like it's not affecting
stuff
which is kind of like a big issue so
they tested it and then uh
is that an everything warrior thing
because we had
it also looks like he's he's that guy is
in um
he's in the beta right he's not on live
yeah yeah that that
he's doing that on uh on beta that's
beta that's he's a level 70 character
um so that's not on live but i don't
know if it dodge rating is going to have
that effect because i i can tell you
like straight up
oh yeah he's got the document cause yeah
so this is definitely a baby yeah yeah
yeah
yeah i tell you straight up that like
we've done the resuvious yeah he's 17.
the 70 is a big giveaway guys it's 70.
thank you
we've done the resuvious pull with
evasion multiple times and it it still
works
so dodge rating might be broken dodge
dodge from evasion is working dodge for
evasion yeah dodge
yeah it adds a flat effect like because
the evasion adds a flat
like percentage gain so it's working
yeah but you would expect the rogue to
get hit by at least one of the ads of
resuvias
over the course of a few seconds while
evasioning and then having to do that
pull multiple times because you're
pretty suck
and having him do it and not get killed
over and over again it seems like a
really
low chance that he if dodge wasn't
working that he would uh
you know not get hit so it might be
dodge rating not dodged from like
agility and dodge from
uh abilities right it does just dodge
rating yeah that's correct
so yeah it's just i don't even know what
to say about this because this is just
the start
of all like the all the things broken
and then have you seen like the tier 2.5
bug as well
but like this was something i knew about
from a long time ago that
um i just been around for a while yeah
it's been around for a while but mages
have been trying to keep this on the
down low
and now it's not on a download because
joe could uh put it out there to
everyone
but basically for people that don't know
is that the mage
tier 2.5 set is giving
infinite mana basically because it procs
clearcast on each
uh tick of your your blizzard so you see
here in this video that uh joked
is just basically going to get a whole
bunch of clearcast procs
look at those clearcast procs going on
non-stop so
you basically just cast blizzard and you
get just infinite mana of 2.5 and it's
really broken and
they they really do need to fix this
because maybe it's just an infinite
manner right now
yeah it means that they'll be able to
farm slave pens without having to really
have any skill involved if you have 2.5
right yeah
because you'll you'll never run out of
money you can constantly blizzard and
not have to worry about it and that's
the only like limiter
was with the aoe cap you have to make
sure that you're using blizzards at the
right time
especially max ranks ones so it slows it
down this will speed it up
quite a bit uh but yep the uh the 2.5
set it's a three-piece set
uh that does it it's the one that gives
you 30 percent chance to
have blizzard be uninterruptable so it's
uh
yeah it's uh very buggy
it's gone into the stage with all these
bugs that like when people tell me like
oh yeah this isn't functioning the way
it is i like
i don't know what to tell you man like
this is pre-patched because now i'm more
surprised when stuff is working
than when it isn't working because
people just come up to me with like the
craziest stuff
like have you seen the talent bug
happening like people literally people
are just
like logging in one of my guildies the
other day was like hey snowa
did your talent reset i said no no my
talents are fine and he's like yeah um
my talent's reset and i don't have any
talents
so he's just like this next level
character with no talents and no talents
to spend
and and apparently like you put in the
ticket and blizzard just says uh we're
looking into that
uh we'll see what happens but yeah
that's a bug a known bug
good luck that's it
wow that's crazy you did
that's crazy but yeah it's happened to a
bunch of people i know and then um like
people are just getting
different talent trees given to them and
such like uh
i'm sure you heard about those ones
where priests will will suddenly
be shadows back and they'll get all
their holy holy stuff as well and
like they'll get all the it's crazy like
the entire pre-patch is broken i don't
even know what's going on half the time
apparently with something with like you
could just go to your trainer and if
there were
um different ranks of uh
a talented ability like um
like vampiric touch or like anything
that had multiple ranks of it like you
know in stable affliction rank two
you just learn those ranks so as a
warlock you could have like
the dark pact you could have unstable
affliction you could have all
uh every everything right you'd have
shadow floor for your whatever
so it was a apparently something with
that where you just go to the trainer
and just learn those
so without having them talented because
that was only like the first rank that
you had to tell it's
things just get are getting broken left
and right and it's insane and this is
where i want to talk about like knacks
where like doing knacks on pre-patch was
really interesting because it it it is
just
downright just different there are so
many things that are different in there
um like i got teleported on hygiene
while main tanking
they have fixed that though they have
fixed that one yeah that's why
it happened in the first place i i got
tp'd and then like our best dps warrior
is like what the [__] just happened
he just dies straight up gets clapped
like
i'm sorry weeaboo jones but you know
holy moly like
it was insane um on saffron
you can't even play if you have a
computer that's like
not even in the last like two years it's
lag so much the blizzards are like
like there's like three blizzards in
every place oh apparently it's not fixed
they said it was fixed but i guess it's
one of the it's re-broken now
they said it was fixed they said it was
fixed but it it it ain't
and like the blizzards are just like
they lag your computer all [__]
the cleave arc is larger now on saffron
um if you're behind a block that's right
next to him
you you could sorry you can auto attack
him while he's in the air now
right yeah nina's auto attack while he's
in the air and if you are behind an ice
block that's close to him and you can
still attack him
if you attack him you'll die because it
uh because it counts
in range because you're hitting yeah
yeah it counts you as you're in range
because of leeway so if you're behind a
block hitting him you got to stop attack
um kt the the void zones are massive
they're way bigger than the things look
and so you're just going to die from
something you can't even see
god it's just insane just all the all
the little changes
we got so many people on kt who are like
i was out of the range of that and i was
like no no you gotta go way further you
gotta go way further
just just run all the way to the other
side
it's it's insane dude like
and i mean well how many days out are we
now
well not even a week out now how many
days like five days
five days out how i
at one point i was having this
discussion on the rogue discord and then
i was saying like at this stage like 50
50 that
they don't find just an absolutely
game-breaking bug that just
forces a delay because i know they don't
want to delay and
at this stage it seems like this is
committed to not delaying it but
jesus christ these bugs these bugs man
like every day we find something else
that's broken in the game and the scary
thing about like the dodge raiding bug
for example where dodge rating isn't
working
is that that's coming from warrior
discord which is very extensive with
testing your things the warriors are one
of the most
active classes of testing stuff how much
stuff is broken that we still haven't
found
if dodge rating is literally just not
working there's got to be so much stuff
that's just broken that we just don't
know about yet
yeah and it's funny because there's like
there's a guy in my guild uh he's the
guy who said the human rng
you know when we were like the mag there
in the white he's like oh he's just
human rng
uh he also comes up with crazy ideas
where he's like you know how the game
works maybe if we clear all the ads on
kt it'll activate him for earlier
so like now we're pulling [__] like all
the kt ads for fun
just to try and see if something breaks
like now it's at the point where you
don't know how things work like the fact
that a
like a weak troll trolls blood potion
gives you energy ticks is insane
so yeah i i don't envy the position of
the people at blizzard who have to work
on these things but at the same time
uh it's probably not as simple as
hey go fix this it's probably a
conversation has to happen of
how is this supposed to work do we want
to change it
and then eventually it's like how do we
change it slash fix it
so you first have to get the change like
approved before you even make it or
be the proof to work on right so it's
probably a whole
process that is just keeping things
clogged right now
so yeah i mean every every almost like
every content creator on
on wow on twitter right now is just
non-stop tweeting is like bugs
bugs bugs and it's always followed by
like one week from launch guys or four
days
five days from launch guys i i've talked
to people who supposedly have said that
the tbc team for a while is maybe only
like 10 people or something like that
and if it's that's really is that small
i don't know
how they even begin to fix all this like
how do you even
where do you even start now i guess you
start with like the most game breaking
ones but
at this stage it's just piling up on and
on i i don't even know what they do
like i hope they're getting good
overtime pay because there's no way to
fix these these aren't even like
easy to figure out bugs right like how
did hygiene teleport just randomly get
broken
like everything's just breaking and and
it's not even obvious stuff like oh yeah
we just gotta change the hp here and
then we'll be good
they gotta really like dig into code and
figure out like where these things are
happening and it's getting more and more
and someone in chat brought up a good
point it's like
let's say they don't delay because i
think blizzard really doesn't want to
delay
they really seem to be committed to just
rushing this out like what if if we find
game breaking stuff and they have to
roll back
that that would be like really bad
that'd be so bad for
for the look of the game yeah
man it's just really disappointing man
it's just so disappointing i just
obviously we want the game to be good so
yeah like someone in the youtube
comments last week was saying that man
uh you guys are complaining so much this
podcast is about complaining now and
it's like have you seen the state of the
game it's really hard to not complain
when
this like literally is the most broken
i've ever seen
a game this close to things yeah we're
not we're not mad we're just
disappointed
like the the blizzard as a company used
to be known as the company that had
polish on their games
the blizzard polish right that's the
thing that in even in riot games i mean
definitely the saying used to be like um
like you
it used to be there was the ongoing meme
where they'd be um yeah if blizzard says
like one month it's actually like six
months
or whatever because blizzard wouldn't
release stuff that like it would be an
acceptable level
when it was released and right now the
entire game is just broken like every
day
like the entire game is broken i don't
even know what to say like just basic
stuff just doesn't work
it's frustrating yeah it was working
most of things were working
and now it's just like things are
breaking left and right and it just
feels like
i mean it's got to feel awful over there
for sure
like uh
i don't want to complain that's the
things i don't want to complain i want
to be good
yeah ah yeah and tommy's allowing me in
the chat to also bring up all the
questions broken so he actually sent me
like uh he tweeted me this list of like
all the quests that's broken because
tommy's uh one of the guys behind the
rest of the xp add-on which by the way
really good again i am
affiliated with them but i think it's a
very good ad
but um it's yeah they like there's a
whole bunch of quests broken as well
a whole bunch of questions and those are
definitely not getting fixed because i i
don't know if they have time for that
like good luck good luck fixing that
when the when dodge isn't working
and like the bosses are just breaking
left and right i i don't even know where
where they begin but i i i just don't
know
it feels like the way this is gonna go
and i think this is what everyone's
saying is that uh they're just gonna
release it completely broken
and then they're just gonna slowly fix
it over phase one
and people will just have to deal with
it
but like there's some game breaking
stuff as well that i hope they fix
because i
know of exploits where you can like
infinite turn in
level right now like i won't say what
they are because i don't want people to
abuse them but there are exports where
you can infinite turn in and
and just level really really fast right
now that
have been reported so blizzard if you're
checking them my guildies have reported
them so please fix them
but um if they don't fix them people are
going to level very fast and
i don't know maybe there'll be some
bands handed out for people that abuse
those things but there are some
repeatable infinite turn-in things that
that do work right now
for leveling as well well
you want to send me those
wow that yeah thank god
i mean i don't know what what more to
say on that because it's just like
there's so many bugs it's
it's demoralizing right and i'm sure
it's moralizing for them as well
uh but i just i just don't know where
they would start with these types of
things
it's it's so much it's like like guys
obviously we don't blame like the
the devs or the guys like working on
this actually because i don't i think
your team just isn't big enough and
they're being rushed
right like i don't think that they want
it to be out like this
they're just like a small team from
supposedly that's what i've heard is a
fairly small team
and they're trying to fix all this stuff
and i don't think they have the time
i don't think look at that and again
like we said last week if they do delay
like let's say they delay it one or two
weeks
like they'll also have a lot of people
angry at them because uh
people took time off but at this stage
like i don't it might be
best for the game to to anger the people
that got time off because
jesus christ is the game broken
yeah huh well at the end of the day
somebody's gonna be mad if he's gonna be
like
you know upset unless they somehow like
miraculously find a way to just get
everything
fixed which i don't think it'll ever
happen well
we'll see well i mean at this stage it's
like they
they fix one thing and two other things
are broken right
it's like the list is just getting
longer it's standard coding
yeah that's the procedure fix one thing
break two more
yeah it just happened it's rough but
yeah that's where we are in the
pre-patch i
i again like like irene i don't know
what else to say about that
it's just everything in the game is
broken and like every day because i
stream like a few times a week
and people come in like hey snow yeah
this happened to me
and i don't know why like my mount
disappeared
or like i boosted character and it was a
hunter instead of a rogue that i picked
why do i have no belt i still have no
belt
my dwarf is wearing a crop top like i
don't understand
at this stage like people ask me
questions and sometimes i'm like i i
have to preface
everything with like but this is
pre-patch
so my answer only is acceptable if it's
working as it's intended like someone
asked me about
like dark mental if dark matter was
still a thing and i said
well if the proc rate is correct and
it's what's supposed to be it's not a
thing
but it is pre-patch for all i know dark
matter is procking 10 times a second
and and it's it's the best piece of gear
in the game right now
it's just it's getting ridiculous it's
getting ridiculous to the point where i
don't even know what to trust half the
time
because like people could be trolling me
and it's believable because of how much
stuff is broken
yeah you don't even you don't even know
if it's supposed to work that way right
that's the thing
so it might be working one way and
you're like this is the best thing and
then it's like not actually supposed to
work that way
so yeah yeah it's really really hard to
tell
because like a lot of us were taking
with blizz's word on it as well right
they're like oh no we found this old
ancient archive of this and this is
actually the way it's supposed to behave
you guys were actually mistaken kind of
like like one of the proponents of
riposte being on the gcd
supposedly repost was actually always on
a gc at this particular
point in tbc at least that's why i've
been told even though like
a lot of people are used to repost not
being on a gcd
but uh yes it's one of those things
where i don't know at this stage like i
don't
it's hard to analyze when we don't have
all the information and so many things
are broken that you can't even tell
what's broken and what's bugged anymore
or what's actual behavior
yeah and that that's the thing is even
if it's
you got to parse those things even if
it's broken and it's not supposed to
work that way
is it good that it works that way that's
that that's at the end of the day
is this a good thing is it a good thing
well then yeah
it doesn't matter if it's working well
if it's working as intended or not
then it's probably a good thing if it's
not a good thing
hey but it's working as intended you
should probably fi he's probably change
it like the feral stuff
so that's that's my opinion on it is i'm
just i just care about what's good for
the game what's not good for the game
but there's a lot of bugs that obviously
aren't good right
so yeah yeah probably probably shouldn't
be getting
ported on i'm i'm gonna be honest i have
big fatigue from this conversation of
bugs dude
like i'm getting i'm getting just the
fatigue of this conversation it has to
keep happening though
is the thing it has to keep happening
you can't just because i'm fatigued from
the conversation doesn't mean that
you know we should stop talking about it
it's just i just hate having this convo
over and over again but it's one that
has to happen and if you just
like brush it under the rug then
obviously
yeah you aren't holding them accountable
so
yeah i i just hope that i don't have to
have this conversation next week which
i'm sure i will
so i can't wait to see
you know it's almost like last week we
already talked about all the bugs in
pre-patch
and somehow this week we still have a
whole nother set of banks
and pre-patch to talk about because even
more stuff got discovered
and i feel this is just gonna be the way
forward like like a third of the podcast
every week is just gonna be like here's
the weekly bug report guys
this is also broken we had to find a
segment name for it
you know we actually do i gotta start
making some
i gotta start making some uh on-screen
overlays and things for for the
weekly poker one it's the the scarab
lord
uh section yeah the weekly but
i mean that's that's what i got for this
week you got anything else to add
no man i just think it's just ridiculous
so uh tbc five days from lunch guys
let's go let's get excited come on
everyone at least they're fixing frost
nova
then on a positive note and bloodthirst
poggers
so they are fixing things right yeah
they're fixing things they just there's
a lot of things to find and fix
and hopefully not break other things so
yeah
yeah but yeah thanks for hanging out
today guys we will see you next week for
the weekly bug
podcast we will have more bugs to report
on see you guys next week for the
breakdown this has been episode
13. take care
[Music]
you